VETERAN entertainer Noel Edmonds is quitting TV for good after presenting just two more programmes for the BBC.

His £10 million contract with the corporation expires in March 2000 and it seems unlikely he will receive offers from ITV or Channel 4 to match his massive pay packet.

The 50-year-old presenter announced this weekend that he has decided not to renew his contract. He says he feels "demotivated" and will concentrate on his business interests instead. In what is becoming a bitter parting of the ways after 30 years,

BBC insiders claim Edmonds jumped before he was pushed. "He knew very well his contract would not be renewed," said one. "He's just trying to save face. He hasn't come up with any fresh ideas since House Party."

Officially the BBC say: "In his time Noel has been a great performer and come up with some fantastic ideas. It is sad when veterans move on but it always makes room for new talent".

In reality, the corporation is not happy about Edmonds' announcement - apparently made without consulting BBC bosses.

Plans for a second series of his most recent TV venture, Noel Edmonds' World of the Secret Camera, have been ditched. He will present just two more shows - one at Christmas and a Bank Holiday special.

Suggestions that he was due to produce and present a new BBC1 entertainment show on Saturday nights have been denied by the corporation. Edmonds, who lives in a £3 million mansion in Devon, said at the week. end: "I feel demotivated to a point where sadly it is time to say goodbye. Name something current on BBC1 that gets people excited and talking about it. You're struggling."

Sources inside the BBC claim that Edmonds' accusations are unfair and that he has himself to blame for declining ratings.

"He has been a spent force for a couple of years," said one insider. "He was acting like an impotent monarch - raging at everyone around him but not himself."

Edmonds has been at loggerheads with BBC chiefs since ratings for Noel's House Party went into freefall last year.



OASIS guitarist Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs shocked fans last night by announcing he is quitting the top rock band.

The 34-year-old millionaire musician is thought to have split amicably from the group, fronted by brothers Noel and Liam Gallagher.

Paul, a founder of Oasis, said in a statement: "I've had a fantastic eight years in one of the best bands ever to come out of Britain and now feel I have come to the stage where I'd like to concentrate on other things. I intend to enjoy watching the band go on to further success."

There are no plans to replace him, a band spokesman said.

A showbusiness insider added: "This comes as a great surprise but it won't mean the end of the band. Their fourth album is in the can."



JOHN Major is set to upstage his party's autumn conference from beyond the political grave.

The former prime minister has made a bitter personal attack on his predecessor Margaret Thatcher, dismissing her conduct during his seven year government as "intolerable".

The charge came during 30 hours of interviews for The Major Years, a new BBC1 series. The interview will be shown in October, just as the Conservatives arrive in Blackpool.

It will dramatically undermine what is intended to be a major opportunity for William Hague to relaunch his new front-bench team.

Major also shocked BBC staff by becoming tearful as he recalled his impoverished south London childhood and the snobbishness he has faced ever since. "It is absolutely compelling," said one BBC insider. "You see a side of him that few have ever imagined."

But it is the indictment of his party which will attract as much attention. Major describes Lady Thatcher's downfall as a "daylight assassination" which was the start of a "Greek tragedy" for the Tories.

Asked by Denys Blakeway about Lady Thatcher's failure to back him when he stood for election as party leader in 1995, he explains bitterly: "In retrospect I think her behaviour was intolerable. I hope none of my successors are ever treated in that way"

Lady Thatcher's claim that she would be a good backseat driver after Major's election as Tory leader had "already driven a wedge between us", he explained.

Sir Edward Heath, one of the senior Tories also interviewed for the series, added: "Some historians will say John Major was too nice." The Major Years is part of a £190million BBC1 autumn schedule, launched yesterday. BBC1 controller Peter Salmon used the event to fire a coded broadside at ITV which last week recruited BBC1 sports presenter Des Lynam in a £5million deal.

"What we are doing this autumn is something the commercial sector can't or won't do," said Salmon. "It's not about poaching stars or imitating formats. It's about ambition and quality"

The season will include a string of new dramas and an adaptation of Gaskell's Wives and Daughters by the team that made Pride and Prejudice. Sitcom Dinnerladies returns and Let Them Eat Cake, starring French and Saunders as courtesans during the French revolution, sees its first series.

"Only the BBC can give new comedy the patient and pressure-free environment it needs to flourish," said Mr Salmon. "When Victoria Wood and Dawn and Jennifer wanted to write and make sitcoms, they came to us."

More new comedy comes from Birds Of A Feather writers Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran in Starting Out, while Caroline Aherne and Craig Cash's The Royle Family graduates to BBC1 from BBC2.

This century's wars will be marked by two dramas and a factual series. David Jason stars with Maggie Smith in All The King's Men, about the disappearance of an entire company at Gallipoli. The crucial months of 1940 feature in Finest Hour by Brian Lapping and Ioan Gruffudd stars in Warriors, a Bosnia drama directed by Peter Kosminsky.

Meanwhile, on ITV, barmaid Bet Gilroy began rehearsals for a brief Coronation Street comeback yesterday. Julie Goodyear appears with Reg Holdsworth (Ken Morley), in a seaside special set in Brighton and Calais.



COMEDIAN Harry Enfield has left the BBC and signed a £1.5million deal with Sky TV, it emerged last night.

The 38-year-old - who hit stardom with his character Loadsamoney - was one of the corporation's biggest comedy names.

His move came as a huge blow to the BBC, still reeling from the loss of veteran sports commentator Des Lynam last week.

Last night Enfield said: It's not just about loads of money. I have been looking for something that really challenges me and this will give me the platform."

In the star's new show - The People's Harry Enfield - members of the public will be asked to help create new characters.

Last night the BBC said they were still working with Enfield, who joined them in 1990.

"He is still continuing to be involved with the BBC," said a spokeswoman. "He was never under an exclusive contract."



WORRIED BBC bosses looked about to lose another of their star attractions yesterday. Blackadder was said to be on his way to rival Sky TV.

But in a twist worthy of one of Baldrick's cunning plans, the BBC immediately denied it and accused Sky of dishonesty.

According to a spokeswoman, Sky bid around £4 million to secure exclusive rights to Time for Blackadder, a millennium special featuring Rowan Atkinson, Tony Robinson and Stephen Fry as well as guest stars including Kate Moss and Colin Firth.

The "poaching" follows Des Lynam's departure to ITV and Harry Enfield's £1million deal with Sky. It is particularly embarrassing for the BBC because their Head of Television Comedy, Geoffrey Perkins, is an executive producer of Time for Blackadder.

Bad feeling between the two companies reached boiling point last night with the BBC insisting that no deal had been done. A spokeswoman told The Express: "There is not and cannot be a deal, The BBC owns the rights to the name Blackadder and no deal can be signed without our consent."

"What Sky have said is utterly inaccurate. To be frank, it is a lie." But a Sky spokeswoman responded: "We have a deal. We've agreed terms. We have a binding agreement. The BBC is obviously having difficulty coming to terms with their loss."

The comedy feature, which will mark Blackadder's first appearance in a decade and is expected to be his last, was commissioned as an attraction for the Millennium Dome.

It will be shown exclusively There in the Sky-sponsored entertainment zone Skyscape all next year before reaching home TVs in early 2001. The story will have Blackadder and Baldrick travelling through history in Baldrick's temperamental time machine.

During their trawl through history, they encounter figures like Robin Hood and Maid Marian, played by Rik Mayall and Kate Moss, and Shakespeare, played by Colin Firth.

Elisabeth Murdoch, head of Sky Networks, said: "This very clever, funny script is being brought to life by the best of British talent on both sides of the camera. To have secured the exclusive UK television rights is tremendous news."



INDIAN actor Saeed Jaffrey hit out last night after being sacked from Coronation Street. Jaffrey was hailed as the soap's answer to multi-cultural Britain when he joined only six months ago as shopkeeper Ravi Desai, head of the show's first Asian family.

But last night he asked bitterly:

“Would they have treated a British actor like this?”

Jaffrey, 70, was sacked after a series of behind-the-scenes problems. They included spending a night in police cells after a drunken row with two women on a latenight train from Euston to Manchester, and being late for filming after watching a cricket match.

His wife and agent Jennifer suggested there were other reasons for his sudden departure, adding:

“There is a lot of envy around. People think: How come an Asian actor is doing so well? I've been told there was someone at Granada out to get Saeed.

“What they have done to him is unfair. You have to ask would they have treated a British actor the

same way?” She said her husband was “upset and very disappointed” that his character was being written out so soon.

“At last Coronation Street had found a character that was popular with the Asian community. Ravi Desai was not stereotyped. He was an educated international business man not just a shop owner. He was very popular with the Asian viewers but now suddenly they have told him he's going to be written out.



'Asians will take this as a big rejection, a big snub. But not just Asian people, lots of British people who follow and love his character too.”

Producers are currently casting for a new younger male Desai family member to play the part of a cousin.

	Saeed believes being dumped has cost him work worth thousands of pounds. Jennifer added: “He was so committed to the role he has turned down lucrative advertising contracts and many other acting roles over the next few months. But he is rewarded like this.



“You can understand how he feels. We thought he would be in the show for at least a year and then

that it would be us who had the choice to leave or stay”

Confirmation of the decision came in a showdown meeting with Coronation Street's new production team who told Saeed the character would be rested indefinitely.



“Basically I think they are easing out older characters and trying to bring in new faces. But you can't replace people like Saeed who has so much experience. He has been so helpful to other cast members.”

Mr Jaffrey has starred in several television classics including Jewel in the Crown, Far Pavilions, Tandoori Nights and Gangsters, and in the cinema The Man Who Would be King, and My Beautiful Laundrette.

	He has made over 100 films in Bollywood, India's answer to

Hollywood, and recently claimed to be much accosted by teenage girls who “swoon and blow kisses and say: You are the most adorable cutie pie in the industry”.



Jennifer, who says her husband is unable to give interviews until his contract ends in October, added:

“Saeed joined amid a blaze of publicity and was a first for the programme. He generated so much interest in the show and received sacks of fan mail.

	“We asked the producers if he was going because of his drinking but they said no it wasn't.”



Mrs Jaffrey added: “Saeed is particularly concerned about the message his treatment sends out to young Asian actors. He has opened

so many doors for them in this country and, with this unexpected and inexplicable dismissal, it will look as if they are being slammed shut again.”



	A spokeswoman for the show insisted the decision was nothing to do with the actor's arrest last month or his like of a drink.

She said: “People are written out, and it is not necessarily for ever.

The Desai family are an important part of the Street and we are casting for a new member.

	“Ravi will leave Weatherfield for a reason, although we can't divulge why. He won't just go up the stairs and never come down again, but be talked about as if he is still there. And he won't be leaving any broken hearts behind.”



TOP Gear TV presenter Brendan Coogan has quit his "dream job" after being convicted of drink-driving. Coogan, 28, brother of comedian Steve, admitted driving with excess alcohol in his blood the morning after a drinking session. He was banned for a year on Monday at Huddersfield.

"I never knowingly drink and drive," he said later.

AS THE boy who grows up into he most evil man in the universe, the young Darth Vader fears little and respects even less.

So it comes as no surprise that his alter ego, 10-year-old Jake Lloyd, should be equally unfazed - by the crowds, the cameras or even a brush with royalty at the London premiere of the latest Star Wars instalment, The Phantom Menace. Hand thrust defiantly in pocket, the youngster who plays Anakin Skywalker showed all the confidence of a would-be intergalactic conqueror when he shook hands with Prince Charles last night.

The film has already become the most hyped movie of the decade - if not the Millennium - and guests arriving at Leicester Square were mobbed by thousands of fans, many dressed in elaborate jedi costumes.

They had gathered during the day desperate to get a glimpse of the cast of the film, a prequel to the original 1977 blockbuster.

Liam Neeson failed to turn up for the premiere of perhaps the major movie of his career, but the other stars met an enthusiastic reception. Ewan McGregor, who plays the young Jedi knight Obi-Wan Kenobi, arrived kissing his wife Eve Mavrakis. Seventeen-year-old Natalie Portman, who stars as space-age monarch Queen Amidala. swept in with regal aplomb, along with actors Peter Mayhew and Kenny Baker, the little-and-large duo behind the costumes of Chewbacca and R2D2.

Guests included Boyzone star Ronan Keating and his model wife Yvonne. Queen guitarist Brian May said: "I'm excited about seeing this as I probably watched the first Star Wars film six times at least."

TV presenter Jonathan Ross arrived with his newly unestranged wife Jane. Child singing prodigy Charlotte Church chose to wear an evening dress as scarlet as villain Darth Maul's face.

Lock, Stock And Two Smoking Barrels actor Nick Moran waltzed in with model Sienna Guillory, while pop star Billie made her first public appearance with boyfriend Rich from the pop group Five.

Reception for the film - a breathtaking but convoluted saga about Jedi knights, aliens and intergalactic trade embargoes - looks like being every bit as fanatical here as in America. It opens to the public today at more than 370 cinemas. To cope with demand many will open at 9am and plan to show the film on up to four screens at a time. When tickets went on sale earlier this month, cinemas were besieged by fans. One chain reported 12,000 tickets sold in the first 30 minutes.

With the massive merchandising campaign, The Phantom Menace is set to bring director George Lucas, 55, wealth on a cosmic scale. It has taken more than £200million in the US, despite complaints from some reviewers that it is too childish, relies too much on special effects and has some wooden performances. It also looks like sinking Titanic as the biggest-grossing film. Five years ago the annual revenue from the first three episodes passed an astonishing £600million. Lucas and his special effects team are working on the follow-up, due in 2002. There will be a final film in 2005.

Making The Phantom Menace; which pushed special effects to new heights, took two years.



AS ONE of the Jack the Lads of rock 'n' roll Mick Jagger has enjoyed more than his fair share of excess.

Now the Rolling Stones singer is teaming up with Hollywood director Martin Scorsese to film a no-holds-barred expose of the music business. Jagger will co-write

The Long Play with Scorsese - whose classic movies include Taxi Driver, Goodfellas and the boxing epic Raging Bull - and newcomer Rich Cohen.

The film will be based on the 57-year-old singer's own experiences - no doubt induding the sort of Rolling Stones' exploits that have become part of rock legend. One such episode involved Marianne Faithfull and a Mars bar.

Despite all that has been published about Jagger, it has proved impossible to pin down what is and what isn't grand fiction. What the film will reveal remains to be seen but it promises to be a must-see for self-respecting rock fans.

The ageing rocker's spokesman said: "I can confirm Mick Jagger is working on a film about the music business." Details of who will star in the movie as Jagger or his many conquests have not been confirmed. The Long Play is just one of a number of film projects planned by Jagger's production company, Jagged. Among the others is The Map of Love, a biopic about Welsh poet Dylan Thomas and wife Caitlin. Jagger's first film, an adaptation of Robert Harris's bestseller Enigma, is currently in production, with Kate Winslet in the lead role.ROCK star Noel Gallagher became a father for the first time yesterday and enjoyed it so much he immediately vowed to start trying for more babies.

He dented his hard man of rock reputation for good by revealing he burst into tears when his wife Meg Mathews, 32, gave birth to his 7lb 6oz daughter, Anais, just after 1 pm yesterday at London's exclusive Portland Hospital.

Within an hour proud Noel who was at the birth, despite his fears that it might resemble a scene from horror film The Exorcist, turned down the hospital's complimentary champagne in favour of a Guinness at a pub over the road.

Nursing a pint, the beaming Oasis songwriter said: "It was the most fantastic moment of my life. It was really stress-free. I've pulled my own mother up about it as she has made out for all these years that giving birth was really difficult. She's obviously been lying to me.

"You feel a bit of an idiot standing there but once it's happened it's the best thing ever. I'm still shaking. I thought there was going to be lots of screaming and shouting all the way through but there wasn't."

He added: "Meg figures that since she's started to have children she might as well have a couple more. The whole thing was so stress-free I agreed that we should start as soon as possible."

Doctors decided to induce labour at 9.30 am yesterday and last night Meg and Anais were visited by her mum, Chris, Noel's mum, Peggy, and the couple's housekeeper and Meg's best friend and business partner Fran Cutler.

Noel, 33, said: "Meg's absolutely fine. She looks fantastic and has been sitting up drinking champagne. I hate the stuff and the hospital didn't have any Guinness, which is an appalling oversight in my opinion, so I came here instead." He added that his wife and daughter would stay at the hospital for at least two nights but hoped they would be out in time to attend the Mike Tyson fight on Saturday.

With his father-in-law Stan Mathews, who was "over the moon" at his first grandchild's arrival, and close friend, Oasis biographer Paulo Hewitt, Noel said the baby's unusual name was a tribute to his mother-in-law's favourite author, early 20th century French eroticist Anais Nin.

Referring to brother Liam's four-month-old son Lennon, named after Beatle John, Noel said: "It's not as rock 'n' roll as the name our kid chose for his boy but me and Meg really like it."

The name's Gallic flavour is also a reference to the scene of the baby's conception, Christian Dior's chateau near Cannes in the South of France where Standing On The Shoulder Of Giants was recorded.

Liam Gallagher greeted the birth in characteristic fashion. He bellowed: "It's f***ing mega isn't it?" down Noel's mobile phone.
HELEN Flanagan has beaten hundreds of young hopefuls to win an acting role in the TV serial Coronation Street.

The nine-year-old will become Rosie Webster, daughter of characters Kevin and Sally, after the previous Rosie decided to quit.

Now Helen will take over the part of the little girl who has been at the centre of tough storylines which saw her parents break up and Rosie become a bully.

Helen's mother Julia said last night: "We are all very thrilled for her because it is what she has always wanted. And we've been dying to tell people since we got the news. We are so proud of her. But we are concerned that she might get too over-exposed and we want to control what happens to her as much as possible."

Mrs Flanagan, speaking from the home in Bolton she shares with her businessman husband Paul, said: "It's great that she has got the part. But she is still just a schoolgirl and we don't want her acting to disrupt her school life too much. She's a very level-headed person and we know this news won't go to her head."

Helen said: "I am delighted to have been chosen for the part. I'm a massive fan and starring on the Street is something I've always wanted to do. It is a dream come true."

Emma Collinge, who was the last actress to play Rosie Webster, announced her decision to quit last month after playing Sally and Kevin's eldest daughter since she was 10 days old. She told Coronation Street bosses she wants to devote more time to gymnastics. She made her farewell appearance as Rosie on New Year's Eve.

Helen, who has attended the Carol Godby Theatre Workshop in Bury since she was five, has also appeared in a number of commercials.

A spokeswoman for Coronation Street said: "We decided to do one photocall for the Press but that Is just about all for many years.

"We are keen not to have her exploited or over-exposed, and the family agree."

"She is not the youngest we've ever had on the Street but we are very careful with how all our younger stars are treated, especially with regard to publicity."
"The last thing we would want to do is to exploit them. The emphasis is very much about keeping things in proportion."
WELSH actress Catherine Zeta Jones is on her way to becoming a movie mogul.

The 30-year-old star newly engaged to actor Michael Douglas, yesterday launched her own production company, Zeta Films, with a two-year deal to produce up to 12 films costing £30million.

Zeta Jones will star in some of the films and act as producer for others. Two of her brothers, David and Lyndon, are also part of the company.
YOU read about James Bond first in the Daily Express. And now, as the latest instalment in the 37-year history of cinema's favourite double agent unfolded in London's West End last night, you can read about him again.

The early chapters in 007's career are being made available to Express readers in an exciting new serialisation of the original Bond comic strips, which starts today.

Last night the latest Bond star Pierce Brosnan celebrated the 19th Bond movie in typical 007 style - giving fiancee Keeley Shaye Smith a passionate kiss at the premiere. Other celebrities invited to the Leicester Square showing of The World is Not Enough included Robert Carlyle, Dame Judi Dench and new Bond girl, Denise Richards.

The Express has owned the rights to the comic strips since 1958 and although many of them were produced before Sean Connery's debut in 1962's Dr No, the central character bears an uncanny resemblance to the Scottish star.

According to John McLusky, the artist who drew Bond's features, his artwork inadvertently turned an unknown Sean Connery into a million-pound superstar. "One day an agent said a young chap he had signed up looked like my image of Bond," said McLusky.

The actor in question was Connery but guests at last night's screening would be even more surprised to learn of McLusky's inspiration - the Duke of Edinburgh. He added: "His style went into giving Bond a more contemporary image. He had the naval commander image and Bond is of course Commander James Bond. I thought the face should be easily recognisable."

The cartoons Prince Philip unwittingly inspired are of even more interest now as the Bond movie billed as the best ever opens here. In the US it has just enjoyed the most successful opening of any 007 film.

Pierce Brosnan's third adventure as the British superspy took £23million during its first three days on release in the States. That is not only a Bond record but also the highest opening for any film ever released by MGM.

This box office success guarantees that Brosnan will be asked back for a fourth mission as 007, although he has said it might be his last.

British movie-goers are expected to add substantially to the profits when it is released across the UK this Friday.

Directed by Briton Michael Apted, the film features plenty more home-grown talent including Serena Scott Thomas and John Cleese. Reviews in America have veered between "good" and "excellent" with most critics noting that the acting and characterisation is of a far higher standard than in previous Bond movies.IN a sweaty cellar, in the presence of just 250 people, Sir Paul McCartney last night drew his left hand across the strings of his bass guitar and let rip with his wonderful old rock'n'roll voice.

Thirty-six years on, he was back in Liverpool playing at The Cavern, or at least in its back room - a black, oblong place through the side wall.

It was not quite 1963 again, of course - the choirboy cheeks have sagged a bit, the odd key has to be adjusted to let the man hit the note. The Cavern isn't quite what it was, either. The real one was shut down by municipal planners 26 years ago, but it is there in facsimile, built from the bricks of the original.

It has the old address, 10 Mathew Street, but it certainly doesn't smell the same. For Liverpool is no longer the centre of the musical earth and last night, though The Cavern may have been packed, it was not with teenagers sweating themselves to salvation. And there was no Cilla Black - Priscilla White, as was - to look after the cloakroom.

The lucky 150 or so who had won tickets in a lottery of thousands and quite a lot of people from the media heard Paul lead his band through a string of rock'n'roll classics, and some new songs by him, and a thumping 50 minutes it made.

But special night though it was, there was one number that was more special than the others, that made the heart throb harder and brought a tear to the eye.

"This one is not from the Fifties, or the Nineties," he said, and launched into I Saw Her Standing There from 1962, a Beatles song from the Cavern years.

A couple of decades ago they would have called the men on stage a supergroup. One of the guitarists was Dave Gilmour from Pink Floyd and the drummer was Ian Paice from Deep Purple.

Both are now middle-aged and Paice is unfashionably hairy Like Mick Green, a comfortably plump guitarist playing a beaten-up old guitar beautifully, they set off Paul - fit and trim from all the vegetarian food, horse riding and country air - to perfection.

Paul had said he was going back to "the music that has always, and will always, thrill me".

And so, for the most part last night, he did. No more silly love songs. Not slow ones, anyway. He has produced all sorts of things over the last three decades, from cracking to chronic to classical. But last night was back to basics.

The Cavern gig was to promote his new CD Run, Devil, Run of course, and it was a very smart idea - no other singer at any other place could command such attention. But, like lots of smart McCartney ideas down the years, it is much more than that. It is touching, welcome and right, a little stroke of genius.

It is 20 months since Linda died and for much of that time Paul was secluded in grief. Now he has come out to play again and there seems a new openness and freshness about him. The little quips and witty ironies that made the world fall in love with him when he was a lad are very much in evidence. As darkness descended at teatime yesterday and with the band inside doing their sound check, a growing crowd was gathering in the cold. They had no chance of seeing him, but there was the odd hapless call of: "We love you, Paul" and so on.

Inside, Paul slipped on to the little stage, put his hands up high on either side and kissed the multicoloured wall painted with the names of dozens of Liverpool groups who played there.

The big ones like Gerry and the Pacemakers, still out there somewhere in cabaret land, and the little, but never-forgotten-by-some ones like Faron's Flamingoes and The Dennisons.

Paul smiles for the cameras. He has done this before a few million times. For years he has been very famous, very loved and very wealthy, but he has had to run the gauntlet of hostility and faint praise and it has hurt him.

Too many decided that John Lennon was what The Beatles were about - the revolutionary spirit, the antic genius and that Paul was just a powder puff romantic who had taken elocution lessons.

It seemed very right last night that he should be here, going back to the music he started with in the place he began. "Always remember," he said, "that The Beatles were a rock'n'roll band and that's why we were so good for so long, if that's not too immodest."

That is one simple, happy truth among many other unhappier, more complex truths about The Beatles. "This is where it all began," he said. "This, for me, is where the century will end."

By the time he had finished playing there were hundreds of people waiting outside and in the bar along the street, a young Beatles tribute band was hard at it in white shirts and dark waistcoats singing Twist and Shout.



