Noel Edmonds has told the BBC he is quitting,just a week after Desmond Lynam defected to ITV Edmonds, 50, who brought Mr Blobby and Telly Addicts to living rooms, criticised the corporation for a lack of innovation, and said he was "heartbroken" by changes in its culture which, he claimed, had led to programme makers losing power to accountants and consultants.

He will leave after 30 years' service when his four-year contract expires in March. He told a newspaper: "Name something that is on BBC1 that gets people excited and talking about it. You're struggling. I feel demotivated to a point where feel it is time to say goodbye."

Edmonds was reported to be upset by the handling of a Saturday night show intended to replace Noel's house party, which was dropped in March. He was also said to be angry that many of his ideas had been rejected.

The BBC said yesterday it was saddened at his departure. "Noel has given the BBC a lifetime of great work ... he has been a great performer and come up with some fantastic, inventive ideas."

The once ubiquitous Mr Edmonds has spent time as a Radio 1 DJ as well as presenting programmes such as the MultiColoured Swap Shop for children in the 1970s. He went on to front the Late Late Breakfast Show and Noel's House Party.

Paul Pascoe, a spokesman for Edmonds, said yesterday: "I know that he has not been stimulated by television for the BBC for 18 months or two years or so. So he has decided not to extend his contract at the end of March."A blue plaque to honour the Manchester-born comedian Les Dawson was unveiled yesterday at the city's Palace theatre.

The tribute to the exponent of the mother-in-law joke and former host of BBC1's Blankety Blank was unveiled by his close friend and comedy partner Roy Barraclough Coronation Street's Alec Gilroy.

Speaking from the steps of the theatre, in front of more than 100 of Dawson's fans, Barraclough said: "He really was a one off. He was wonderfully funny, offstage and on it." The comedian Ken Dodd said: "I'm sure Les would be delighted to see he had kept so many people out of church!"

The ceremony was followed by the unveiling Of a second plaque, by Nicholas Parsons, honouring one of Dawson's greatest influences, the late Rochdale-born variety star Norman Evans.

Dawson, who died in 1993, rated Evans as one of the funniest comedians of his era and regularly named him as an inspiration. Both comedians played at Manchester theatres regularly.

Dawson received the honour from Comic Heritage in conjunction with his widow Tracey, who said Les would have been delighted.

Comic Heritage combines the commemoration of Britain's comedy heritage with charity fund-raising. Since 1991, more than 30 comedians have been honoured.A ministatue of the comedian was auctioned at the meal to raise funds to have a life-size version erected on Blackpool Promenade, near the theatres where the star often played and not far from his family home in Lytham St Anne's.

Profits from the tributes in Manchester will be donated to the local division of Childline, as well as other national charities supported by the Comic Heritage Charitable Trust.



Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, one of the founder members of the rock band Oasis, last night announced that he was quitting the group.

Arthurs, rhythm guitarist for eight years in one of the most successful British bands, said he was leaving to 'concentrate on other things'.

He formed the group Rain in Burnage in 1991 with drummer Tony McCarroll and bass player Paul McGuigan. Liam and Noel Gallagher joined later and it was renamed Oasis. In a statement issued by the band's label, Creation records, Arthurs, 34, said: "I've had a fantastic eight years in one of the best bands ever to come out of Britain, and now feel I have come to the stage where I'd like to concentrate on other things in my life, outside of the demands of being in a successful rock and roll band. I've made some great friends along the way and wish everyone in the band every success with the next album."

Arthurs, a father of two who lives with his wife, Kate, in Bowden, Cheshire, had completed work on the group's fourth studio album, which is still being mixed. His departure means that only McGuigan remains from the original line-up.

McCarroll was sacked in 1995 but was awarded a lump sum of £550,000 earlier this year in an out of court settlement instead of royalties.BBC 1's controller yesterday attacked commercial rivals for poaching the corporation's stars and copying its formats. Launching his channel's £195m autumn schedule, Peter Salmon made a thinly veiled reference to the loss of live television rights to sporting events and the loss of stars such as Des Lynam to ITV Sport.

Last night the BBC suffered another blow after it emerged that it had lost Harry Enfleld, one of Britain's most popular and innovative comedians. He has signed a #1m deal for a series for the subscription Sky Premier channel.

A Sky spokeswoman said the signing fitted in with the broadcaster's aim to produce more of its own programming.

The loss of the comedian underscored the attack made by Mr Salmon earlier.

He made clear his irritation about the raft of programmes on the commercial channels that, according to BBC management, have been inspired by successful BBC productions such as Airport, Ground Force and Clampers. Those were swiftly followed by ITV's Airline, Better Gardens and Parking Wars.

"It's not about poaching stars; it's not about imitating innovative formats," said Mr Salmon. "It [the BBC I schedule] is about ambition, quality, commitment and talent."

He also defended the BBC over the proposal for a separate licence fee for digital viewing. BBC1 could still offer the public something 'the commercial sector can't or won't produce', he said,

The launch was one of the most important in the channel's history. He said the autumn schedule would "confound the Jeremiahs who have prophesied the imminent demise of BBC1" 

One of the highlights will be a sitcom featuring Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders - called Let Them Eat Cake - about aristocrats at the court of Louis XVI.

Another comedy will be Caroline Aherne and Craig Cash's The Royle Family, which will move to BBC1 from BBC2 for a second series.

One of the drama highlights will be Wives and Daughters, a costume drama by the makers of Pride and Prejudice, based on Elizabeth Gaskell's last novel. It will star Bill Paterson, Michael Gambon and Francesca Annis.

"I wanted to create a rich mosaic of high quality drama with range and integrity," Mr Salmon said.

Another highlight will be Pure Wickedness, written by Lucy Gannon and starring Kevin Whately.

A key part of the schedule will be a trilogy of war programmes including All the King's Men, a drama about the first world war starring David Jason and Maggie Smith. It will be based on the disappearance of soldiers at Gallipoli.

Returning drama series include Casualty, Holby City, Dangerfield and Ballykissangel.

Mr Salmon also announced the screening of Walking With Dinosaurs, which will use modern animation techniques to recreate prehistoric life.

John Major's years at 10 Downing Street will be documented in the The Major Years.

BBC1 is at the heart of the BBC's public service commitment - now and in the digital future - and this schedule is tangible proof of that.

"This autumn on BBC1 offers a season of unrivalled drama, exciting new comedy, a trilogy of outstanding storytelling and landmark science and factual programmes"

Mr Salmon defended the BBC's sports coverage from criticism that it had lost live rights to a catalogue of events.

Des Lynam will be joined at ITV by former Scotland international Ally McCoist, who will continue as a team captain on the BBC1 series A Question of sport.

Mr Salmon said:	"The BBC maintains the biggest portfolio of major sports rights in the terrestrial world."

He added: "I know the pressures they [ITV] are under - pressures which led to the momentous and dubious decision to move News at Ten. I am not attacking them. They must do what they have to do, but I know what makes us different."



TV's Blackadder was at the centre of a row last night after Sky claimed it had beaten the BBC to the rights to be the first to screen a one-off millennium special of the sitcom.

George Michael, Robbie Williams, Bono and The Corrs are to perform in three concerts in London, New York and Geneva - linked by a global internet broadcast to highlight world poverty.

The organisers hope they will inspire music fans as much as the Live Aid concerts for Ethiopia in 1985 to fund projects and motivate governments to combat world poverty Harvey Goldsmith, the event's promoter and Live Aid veteran, said: "The concerts will be one of the most widely broadcast programmes for social change in history." As many as 1bn people could log onto the site.

Highlights of the concerts on October 9 will also be shown by the BBC and MTV around the world.

The concerts and the website have been organised by the United Nations development programme and a leading internet company, Cisco Systems.

The proceeds will go to help Kosovo refugees and the poorest African nations through the NetAid Foundation. Other artists already signed up are Celine Dion, Jimmy Page, Pete Townshend, Eurythmics and Jewel.

The first show will kick off at Wembley stadium, followed by another five hours of live music in Giants stadium in New York, with other stars performing simultaneously before an invited audience in the Geneva opera house.

A total of 110,000 tickets for the London and New York concerts will go on sale on August 24 but the only way to see all three concerts live will be watching the NetAid site.

Website viewers will be encouraged to donate money but the organisers' main intention is to highlight extreme poverty and bring together concerned individuals and organisations to fight it.

Mark Malloch Brown, administrator of the UN development programme, said aid workers aim to halve the number of people living in absolute poverty from the present 1.3bn by 2010.

The permanent site, at www.netaid.org, will be launched on September 8. It will be dedicated to highlighting extreme poverty.
 


It was just like old times outside Alfred Hitchcock's old home in west London yesterday. Autograph hunters and cameramen were in a frenzy. And there in front of them stood a chip off the old block: a short, stocky, self-controlled figure granting their every wish with a seraphic and knowing smile.

She has more chin than her father and - mercifully - less tummy. But she displays the same ingrained showmanship; and she plays the same straight bat to questions about his inner compulsions.

Pat Hitchcock O'Connell, the director's only child, now a grandmother, was unveiling a plaque to him on the 100th anniversary of his birth.

She has turned into a Californian, as her father did. At 71 her accent crackled with energy and gleeful pride. 'She's been on the go since 7am': said one of her awestruck British Film Institute escorts.

Her day started with BBC1's Breakfast News, where she told with relish how only her mother Alma had spotted that Janet Leigh was still visibly breathing after being killed in the shower in Psycho. The scene was reshot.

Next, at Christie's saleroom, she saw a tattered advertising bill for Hitchcock's first talkie, Blackmail, which is forecast to fetch £700 as the only one left. Then at noon she went back to 153 Cromwell Road, the Georgian house where she spent the first 10 years of her Life.

While living in the upper two floors, Hitchcock made the 39 Steps, The Lady Vanishes and Jamaica Inn. "I loved it here", she said. "My big memory is of my parents working on scripts on the dining room table. They worked very hard. But they had a lot of fun too".

Today, which is Alma's centenary, Pat is visiting her mother's old home in Nottingham. But nobody is visiting Hitchcock's London East End birthplace at 517 Leytonstone High Road.

Once it was Hitchcock's Fruit and Veg Shop, run by his father. It doesn't qualify for an English Heritage plaque because it is now unrecognisable as a Jet petrol station.

Yet the master of suspense, who died in 1980, returned forcefully to fruit and vegetables in his penultimate film Frenzy (1972).

He set it in Covent Garden and at its climax the Cockney murderer was bombarded with potatoes in a swaying vegetable lorry as he tried to retrieve a clue from one victim's body.

What on earth used to go on in that Leytonstone greengrocer's? All Pat wanted to say was: 'He probably set it there just because he thought it would make a good scene'.



The most hyped film ever limped into London last night for a premiere which could only muster a gathering of C-list celebrities.

It seemed that poor reviews of Star Wars: Episode 1 The Phantom Menace had caused a number of society's darlings to dash their invitations straight into the bin. Even Liam Neeson, one of the film's stars, had found something better to do.

The performance, attended by the Prince of Wales, was the film's European premiere. A few thousands fans gathered for the showing in Leicester Square but there were none of the hairy costumes and Jedi suits that the pre-publicity had led us to anticipate. A few eager folks waved plastic light sabres and others wore T-shirts bearing the image of Darth Maul.

They screamed for Samuel L Jackson and Ewan McGregor and chanted at the actors who played the androids R2D2 and C3PO.

As the film's artists limited their interviews to a few minutes, the press had to make do with a poor cast from television and music. Queen's Brian May was asked what Star Wars really meant to him and soap opera starlets and Charlotte Church, she with the voice of an angel, offered their considerations on how difficult it had been to live without Star Wars in the 16 years since the last film in the series was made.

Having already taken £240m in the eight weeks it has been on release in the United States, the film is set to become one of the biggest grossing movies of all time. However, advance tickets sales in Britain seem to have been hit by the criticism that the film had been "dumbed down" by comparison with the earlier Star Wars films. There has been no mass sell-out, in spite of cinemas across the country beginning screenings at 9am today.

The phenomenon of fans camping out to snap up seats has not happened. For some, it seems, the force is not with them but has been forced upon them.



Kate Winslet has received death threats from an obsessed fan who is stalking her via the internet. Her New York-based agent said the stalker had sent several email death threats to a fan club website.
Royal Ballet star Darcey Bussell, (above) greeted early arrivals at the Royal Opera House in Covent Garden, London, yesterday morning as tickets went on sale for the new season. Scores of opera and ballet lovers had spent the night on the pavement to secure seats. The main auditorium will reopen with a gala celebration on December 4 after a £214 million revamp.

To meet the demand for tickets, the Opera House has opened a 24 hour phone booking service, which continues until 8am tomorrow.

The redevelopment costs are being financed through a £78 million national Lottery grant, proceeds from sales of shops in the new building complex and a £100 million appeal.

After days of (mildly) fevered speculation, the nation finally got the chance to be appalled by Radio 4's The Archers last night, with the broadcast of the "sex in the shower" episode featuring Sid Perks, landlord of the Bull, and Jolene Rogers, the Borsetshire bombshell.

The interlude, which prompted the Conservative MP Julian Brazier to denounce the BBC for "clambering on the bandwagon of the cheapest kind of populism", was much taken up with the quest for the hot tap and the coal tar soap in Jolene's lovenest.

As so often in England, plumbing will out. Even if more than steam was rising in The Archers, the coitus remained interruptus.

"A girl," Ms Rogers observed to the priapic Perks, "might start to wonder where your priorities lie." Listeners might have shared her concern.

Not since Arnold Schwarzenegger started pumping iron has keeping fit so transformed a body, a show, and, for Sid, a soul. Just weeks ago he was the husband of (currently) faithful Kathy and father to one of Ambridge's puking, mewling infants. Then he followed the trend into middle-aged keep-fit classes.

There had been earlier interests: an irrational obsession with cricket and a homophobic obsession with his gay rival landlord at the Cat and Fiddle. But seasoned listeners know that Sid, of all people, knows the runes in Ambridge. Only minutes before Jolene slipped out of her kimono and wielded the loofah on Sid's rippling muscular back, the top Ambridge moralist Mike Tucker had been wading through a double-edged discourse on childminding.

Tucker had begun the job of setting listeners straight. "One big sloppy kiss," he declared, "and you forgive them everything." But the "them" for Tucker were the progeny of the village's inexplicable baby boom, decent and pure.

There will be no way out for Sid and Jolene, particularly since Jolene was being recklessly free with the scented shower gel. In Ambridge no femme fatale can sleep easy. The Straw Dogs there do not take kindly to other people's operas. They have ways.
As celebrity baby names go, the new born daughter of Oasis star Noel Gallagher and his wife, Meg Matthews, got off lightly yesterday when her parents chose to name her Anais - after Ms Matthews' favourite author Anais Nin.

The latest addition to the Gallagher clan was born two weeks early weighing 7lb 6oz at lunchtime on Thursday at the Portland Hospital, in central London.

Anais, meaning fruitful in Greek, was said to be "doing well". Last night Gallagher, 32, described the experience as "the best thing ever", adding that he was "over the moon" at the birth which he attended despite his earlier fears that it would resemble "Exorcist material".

While Ms Matthews, 33, celebrated with champagne accompanied by her mother, Chris, and her mother-in-law Peggy, the new father chose to wet the baby's head with a pint or five of Guiness in a nearby pub.

Meg, whom he met in 1994 while she was working at the band's former record company Creation and married three years later, was "feeling great" after an easy labour, he said.

"It's just like she's been shopping," he added. "She looks amazing, she doesn't even look like she's had a baby."

Gallagher insisted that the birth would not change him "too much" and it would bring out his "feminine side".

Baby Anais's literary namesake was born in the Parisian suburb of Neuilly-sur-Seine on February 21, 1903, living and working in Paris, New York and Los Angeles until her death in 1977. After studying psychoanalysis under Otto Rank, she went on to publish her first work, The House of Incest in 1936, followed by a series of avantgarde novels, including Delta of Venus, A Spy in the House of Love, and a book of short stories, Under a Glass Bell. Gallagher was due to stay overnight in the hospital, after a celebratory drink with his brother.
Liverpool had seen nothing like it for 35 years. The city centre was at a standstill as Sir Paul McCartney returned to his roots to play the legendary Cavern Club, birthplace of the most famous rock and roll quartet in history.

In scenes reminiscent of Beatlemania, fans crushed outside the tiny venue and chanted "We want Paul". There were only 300 inside, with another 15,000 watching giant screens nearby. But the total audience - television, radio and internet, across the world - was in the millions.

Geoff Baker, Sir Paul's publicist, said that more than 50m attempts were made to access the concert on the Internet. Three million people managed to make connections and watch the show. "This is the biggest ever audience for a musical broadcast on the Internet. People were going wild," Mr Baker added. Tickets were subject to incalculable demand. Cavern director Bill Heckle revealed that he had been offered the use of a helicopter, a £10,000 holiday and even sexual favours in return for the prized admission. "Women have been blatantly propositioning me, trying to bribe me with their bodies," he gasped.

Four tickets for the gig sold for £4,000 each yesterday. One pair went to a couple of American self-confessed "Beatle nuts" who bought the tickets on the British online auction Qxl.com and then had a "mad scramble" to get a flight to Liverpool. The other pair went to British fans. Melanie Marshall, of Qxl.com, said: "We have never had such amazing response before." 

The £16,000 raised will go to the Linda McCartney charitable fund and the Give a Child a Chance charity. The rest of the 300 tickets for the gig went in a fans' lottery last week, Inside the venue, it felt as if history was being made.

A former member of the Merseybeats told how Sir Paul was "returning to his Beatles roots". Even John Lennon dropped by - that's John aka 18-year-old Ben Lomas, of Penny Lane, Liverpool, who changed his name by deed poll. Nobody seemed to mind that this was not the Cavern as was. The original was flattened by a car park, but a replica was rebuilt on the site in the 1980s.

Before appearing at a hastily convened press conference, Sir Paul admitted some commercial motives for his first gig at the Cavern since August 3 1963. "I've come back because I've done a rock 'n 'roll album called Run Devil Run and I'm plugging it," he said. "But basically what better way to rock out of the century? This is where it all began, and for me this is the way the century's gonna end with me playing rock n' roll, which is what made the Beatles last for so long and made us so good, I think - he said modestly' But I'm back here because I love Liverpool."

Outside, the lucky few clutched their tickets. One onlooker was Stan Cargill, 59, who claimed to have grown up in the same street as Lennon. A Cavern veteran and musician himself, Mr Cargill said: "John was a world class guitarist, but I was even better."