THE OASIS guitarist Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs announced yesterday he had decided to "call it a day" and leave the band after eight years.

The 34-year-old musician's split from the group is understood to be amicable. In a statement released by the band's label, Creation Records, Arthurs said he was quitting after "a lot of consideration"

He added; "I've had a fantastic eight years in one of the best bands ever to come out of Britain, and now feel I have come to the stage where I'd like to concentrate on other things in my life, outside of the demands of being in a successful rock and roll band."

"I've made some great friends along the way and wish everyone in the band every Success with the next album, and intend to enjoy watching the band go on to further success in the coming years."

Arthurs, who acquired the nickname "Bonehead" on account of his thinning hair was a founder member of Oasis. The band was originally formed as Rain in Burnage, Manchester in 1991, with drummer Tony McCarroll and bass player Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan. A new singer, Liam Gallagher, suggested a change of name, and the appointment of his brother Noel as lead guitarist and songwriter gave the group new direction. Their successful debut album, Definitely Maybe, followed in 1995.

Arthurs had completed work on the band's fourth studio album, due out next year. There are no plans to replace him.



THE BESIEGED BBC1 controller, Peter Salmon, came out fighting with an attack on the BBC's commercial rivals yesterday as he launched his channel's crucial autumn line-up.

Mr Salmon has been under pressure to improve BBC1 since the corporation's governors listed it as an area of weakness in their annual report earlier this summer.

Since then the debate about the BBC's need for a digital licence fee and the defection of the sports presenter Des Lynam to ITV have increased the pressure. "What this autumn on BBC1 represents is something the commercial sector can't or won't produce," Mr Salmon said. "There are no rights to be bought for a king's ransom. It is not about poaching stars; it's not about imitating innovative formats. It's about ambition, quality, commitment and talent."

The BBC has been rattled by ITV's poaching of stars such as Lynam and Ross Kemp, the EastEnders star. It also claims that ITV has copied many of its docu-soap ideas and lifestyle programmes, such as Airport and Changing Rooms.

Mr Salmon described this autumn as "one of the most important in the BBC's history produced in the teeth of aggressive and tough competition and during a period of licence fee consultations. I am aware that a lot is expected of us."

The corporation's big hope for the autumn is a popular science series about dinosaurs that has taken three years to make. Using advanced animation and stunning special effects, Walking with Dinosaurs recreates the prehistoric world and its dinosaur inhabitants in a style similar to Steven Spielberg's blockbuster Jurassic Park. Favourites such as tyrannosaurus rex, diplodocus and stegosaurus will be seen in action, hunting, feeding and breeding.

Mr Salmon said: "Put it this way, in all of Jurassic Park there were eight minutes of dinosaur action footage. This is a whole series of it. Dinosaurs ruled the earth for 170 million years, so that certainly puts our millennium into perspective."

The channel's big drama hope for the season is an adaptation of Elizabeth Gaskell's novel Wives and Daughters, produced by the team that made Pride and Prejudice- including the writer Andrew Davies. It stars Michael Gambon, Bill Paterson and Francesca Annis.

The corporation's other costume drama stars David Jason in the story of the men from King George V's Sandringham Estate, who formed their own company to fight in the First World War. The drama, called All the King's Men, is part of a trilogy of programmes about warfare this century which the BBC is planning as a tribute to the sacrifices made by British soldiers. The premiership of John Major from 1990-97 will be explored in The Major Years.

The BBC's governors picked out situation comedies for particular criticism in their annual report, and BBC1 is pinning its hopes for a comedy hit on series established last year, such as Victoria Wood's Dinnerladies.

The channel has also lifted the second series of Caroline Aherne's no-holds-barred success The Royle Family from BBC2 to bolster its schedule.

Mr Salmon is also hoping for a hit from Jennifer Saunders and Dawn French with the first sitcom they have made together, Let Them Eat Cake - a comedy set in the court of Louis XVI just before the French revolution.

And there are hopes that Starting Out, a comedy written by the Birds of a Feather creators, Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran, will be a new pre-watershed hit.

SKY TELEVISION'S attempts to poach BBC talent sparked a dispute after Sky said it had exclusive rights to a millennium Blackadder programme.

Its coup in obtaining Time for Blackadder, starring Rowan Atkinson and Tony Robinson, is seen as damaging for the BBC, days after Sky signed a #1m contract for a series of Harry Enfield programmes which will prevent him making any more of his Harry Enfield and Chums series for the BBC this year.

The BBC insisted no Blackadder deal had been done. An insider said: "After the deal with Harry Enfield [Sky] is trying to give the impression it's stealing away masses of BBC talent, but that's just not true."

The Millennium Experience, which commissioned the Blackadder film, said discussions about television rights were continuing. Sky said: "We have a binding agreement. Time for Blackadder is coming to Sky ... and the BBC is obviously having difficulty coming to terms with their loss." Sky is said to have paid up to £4m for the deal.THE DAUGHTER of the undisputed master of suspense, Alfred Hitchcock, yesterday marked the centenary of his birth by viewing a collection of posters for his films and unveiling a plaque in his honour.

Patricia Hitchcock O'Connell saw more than 100 film posters, spanning her father's illustrious career, which will go under the hammer at Christie's in London on 13 September as part of the centenary celebrations for the director, who died in 1980.

Ms O'Connell also revisited the London flat that was her parents' home for more than a decade, and unveiled a commemorative plaque. The English Heritage blue plaque marking his birthday honoured his unique contribution to the world of cinema.

The director and his wife, Alma Reville, lived in the upstairs flat at 153 Cromwell Road for 13 years while Hitchcock was making a name for himself the Islington Studios. In 1939, the couple, and their 10-year-old daughter, moved to the United States, where Hitchcock's career took off and he became one of the biggest film legends in Hollywood. His thrillers, including Psycho and The Birds, have inspired terror in generations of filmgoers and are regarded as classics worldwide.

Hitchcock, born on 13 August 1899, in Leytonstone, east London, was well known for making cameo appearances in his films. Patricia also appeared in some of her father's films, induding Stagefright and Psycho, which was recently voted Hitchcock's best film, by a distinguished panel of directors.
AFTER SUFFERING the abuse of English football yobs in Eindhoven, David Beckham now faces the disapproval of a more moneyed class. It may be couched in more civilised terms but the petition raised by his neighbours, requesting that he and his family move out of the Cheshire village of Alderley Edge, is decidedly antagonistic.

The Beckhams might have sat upon custom-made thrones at their wedding last year but their money does not seem to count in a place that has only recently been toppled by Bradford for the number of Rolls-Royces per head of population.

Because of 'problems with certain residents', the footballer, his wife, Victoria (aka Posh Spice), and their son, Brooklyn, will vacate the £500,000 Edwardian penthouse. All 10 flats in the complex are said to be owned by millionaires.

The couple face trouble of another sort as Andrew Morton, the author of bestsellers about Diana, Princess of Wales, and Monica Lewinsky is planning to write about them. Morton's publisher said yesterday that the Beckhams' solicitor had threatened a legal injunction to prevent publication.

The attention that the Beckhams have brought to Alderley Edge since they arrived two and a half years ago is clearly not welcomed by some villagers. One neighbour Cybil DavisBrumell, 60, who lives next door and shares a garden with the complex-dwellers, has lambasted the Beckhams in the local press, claiming the couple's minders have monopolised the gardens so their one-year-old son can play there.

She said: 'There is a communal lawn which I enjoy sitting on and taking afternoon tea but now I am made to feel I am intruding.' It was she who raised the petition encouraging the couple to leave.

Some locals have frowned on the semi-regal status afforded the couple, known by some locals as 'thick and thin' - a reference to the footballer's intellect and Mrs Beckham's weight. Alderley Edge's Est Est Est restaurant has been reported as providing take-aways on china plates for the couple.

Most villagers were reluctant to gossip but one woman, who declined to be named said: 'They seem superior and they're not even here most of the time.' A florist, Tracey McNulty, said: 'They come in from time to time and are always happy and friendly.'

The Beckhams' problems do not surprise academics. Michael Billig, professor of social sciences at Loughborough University, said: 'Old money has always looked down on new money but has always been happy to receive it.'

Friends of the Beckhams say the couple are frustrated with discontented neighbours and 'sick of people being nosey'. One said: 'It's all got a bit much.'
FILM SCRIPTS about rock stars are two a penny. But the latest one is a little different: the writer is Mick Jagger and the script might be as near as we will come to a Jagger autobiography.

He has completed the script, which deals with the rise of a rock phenomenon and his relationships with his parents and later his own family.

Last night a spokesman said that at present there was no Jerry Hall figure planned for the film.

He also denied reports Jagger was working with the American director Martin Scorcese on the script, though the directar's macho image and tense, sexually aggressive films would no doubt appeal to Jagger.

The script is Jagger's own, and no director has been signed up. He has been burning the midnight oil, an associate said, to write down his thoughts on starting out in the music business.

if the script is truly about the early Jagger, the first half of the film could be dull. Last month the singer's rather said Mick was 'a very pleasant boy' who looked after his brother, worked hard at school and enjoyed family holidays.

And a coming memoir by the Rolling Stones' first manager, Andrew Loog Oldham, will say the band were clean-living and well-behaved until Oldham foisted their bad-boy image on them so they could be seen as a contrast to the Beatles.

But as the film moves into the late Sixties and alludes to Jagger's turbulent and frequent sexual liaisons, it would be anything but dull.

Jagger has always rejected overtures from biographers and turned down offers from publishers to write an autobiography, saying his memories of the Sixties are confused. But close friends doubt it. Jagger is a shrewd businessman and guardian of the Stones' place in rock history. He monitors coverage of their affairs closely. If he needed to, he would be able to recall all the key incidents in the band's career.

He seems certain to place the script with his company, Jagged Films. Its first film, an adaptation of the Robert Harris bestseller Enigma, is in production, with Kate Winslet in the lead role. It also stars Jeremy Northam, who was in The Winslow Boy and An Ideal Husband, and Dougray Scott, who appeared in This Year's Love and is soon to be seen in Mission Impossible 2. Saffron Burrows, recently seen in Deep Blue Sea, and Corin Redgrave will also feature.

The thriller is directed by Michael Apted, who helmed the latest James Bond film, The World is Not Enough, and co-scripted by Sir Tom Stoppard.

Among other projects being planned is The Map of Love, about Dylan Thomas and his wife, Caitlin.



THE WIFE of the Oasis star Noel Gallagher gave birth yesterday to a girl. Meg Mathews and the child, Anais, were "doing just fine" and Gallagher was "delighted", a spokesman for the rock star said.

The 7lb 2oz girl was born at 1.17 pm. Though Gallagher had earlier joked that he would call a girl Fanny and a boy Willy, she has actually been named after her mother's favourite French author, Anais Nin.

Gallagher booked his wife into a hotel near the Portland Hospital, central London, ahead of the birth. He was at the hospital throughout, although he had previously said that the birth might resemble "Exorcist material".

The couple were visited at the hotel earlier by a host of stars, including the supermodel Kate Moss.

The birth was induced - the baby was not due for another two weeks. "It was that big that the doctor said it was best to take it out before it got any bigger," the father said.
A STAR-STUDDED adaptation of Charles Dickens' David Copperfield is at the centre of the BBC Christmas schedules, unveiled yesterday. The cast includes Bob Hoskins, Nicholas Lyndhurst, Dawn French, Pauline Quirke, Trevor Eve and Zoë Wanamaker.

Two BBC sitcom favourites make special returns in what is a respectable if uninspired Christmas line-up.

Richard Curtis has written a new episode of The Vicar of Dibley. The dippy Alice (Emma Chambers) is back from her honeymoon, but worried that she may be losing her sex appeal as she is putting on weight.

Geraldine correctly guesses that she won't so much be needing Weight Watchers as childminders... And The Royle Family will not be moving from the front of the box as they celebrate the festive season in true couch-potato style.

Other light entertainment highlights include Harry Enfield and Kathy Burke teaming up again as teenagers Kevin and Perry; and Victoria Wood in a dinnerladies special.

One of the most popular programmes might prove to be Sir David Attenborough celebrating some of the most spectacular sites in the natural world with The Greatest Wildlife Show on Earth. The programme starts in Mexico in January, and goes through to Australia in December. 

And the corporation will also offer The Century in 100 Minutes, a historical record of the last hundred years, including some of the earliest images captured on film and previously unseen archive footage.

A live religious celebration, with singing from the Kingdom Choir, will be at the heart of the Christmas morning schedule with the service coming from the New Testament Assembly Church in Tooting, south London. The BBC has yet to give the exact times of all the Christmas programmes.

Peter Salmon, controller of BBC1, said: "Every year we save some really special things to put in the Christmas sack, and this year the last of the century - we have created the ultimate toy box to keep the viewers amused."

Jane Root, BBC2 controller, said: "This is my first Christmas with the channel and I've put something distinctly BBC2 in the sack for everyone - from a rich range of music and arts to a night celebrating top-name chefs. BBC2 is the channel of innovation, dedicated to pursuing personal passions in ever clever and new ways - this Christmas we keep up our tradition of non-tradition."TWO YEARS is a long time in rock music. Sir Paul McCartney's 1997 authorised biography- in effect his own thoughts filtered through a close friend - was sceptical about the rebuilt Cavern Club in Liverpool. It was doubtful of the claim that it had been rebuilt with the original bricks; it said the new Cavern "has little of the funky atmosphere of the original". And Sir Paul's brother, Mike McGear, said it had been rebuilt "the wrong way round".

But it is a curmudgeonly soul who would mention such caveats when there is an album to plug and a staggering 500 million people to watch McCartney perform it in his first appearance at the Cavern since the Beatles last played there in 1963. Last night's return to plays set in front of a heaving full house of just 300 people was televised for transmission in 25 countries.

Outside, tickets were reported to be changing hands for up to £10,000. If so, it would have been over £200 a minute, for McCartney played just 45 minutes. He has always been a great rock and roller, and in black T-shirt with trim physique he looked a good decade or more younger than his 57 years. He belted out Fifties rock and roll classics such as "All Shook Up" and "Twenty Flight Rock" (the song that got him into the Beatles because he knew the words and Lennon did not) and Buddy Holly's "Brown Eyed Handsome Man". The presence of Dave Gilmour in McCartney's band led to some incongruous if pleasurable and sweeping Pink Floyd-style solos on Fifties rock standards.

McCartney certainly seemed to enjoy reliving his youth, jamming as the early Beatles did, taking a solo again if it did not go as planned, and joking with the crowd, announcing: "I think we have a little wag in the audience," when someone shouted for the Rolling Stones' "Satisfaction".

Interspersed with the classics were a couple of new McCartney songs including - "What It Is", the rock and roll love song he wrote for his wife, Linda, when she was dying. The concert took place in a larger room next to the one with the replica Cavern stage; but that need not have mattered.

The atmosphere, sweat, noise and nostalgia were all present. And yet the evening never lost its sense of being a slightly artificial homage to the excitement of raw club rock and roll.

The reason was evident in the joyous, infectious three minutes of "I Saw Her Standing There", the only Beatles number in the short set and the only number to have everyone of the 300-strong audience, young and old, dancing, jumping and singing every word. But only one Beatles song? Only a 45-minute set? That veered too much towards an album sales pitch and not enough towards a genuine concert by one of the most exhilarating performers of the age.

McCartney's fans were happy, though, with whatever he had to offer.

The new Cavern is a tourist attraction that only the most sentimental would genuinely mistake for the beat-club cellar. But if you closed your eyes, you could just about imagine the Beatles on stage, the young Cilla Black taking your coat at the cloakroom and Brian Epstein scouting for talent. Epstein once noted of his first sight of the Beatles: "They were rather scruffily dressed, in the nicest possible way, or I should say in the most attractive way: black leather jackets and jeans, long hair of course." And shortly before last night's concert, in wandered McCartney for a nostalgic look still with long(ish) black hair and dressed in the nicest possible way, or should I say the most attractive way. He said: "I'm back here because I love Liverpool and what a fantastic place [it is] to rock out the century. This is where it all began and this for me is where the century is going to end. Remember, for me, the Beatles before the Beatles were a fabulous rock and roll band."

A video screen was set up in a nearby park. But it was a cold night and outside the Cavern camera crews seemed to outnumber fans. Downstairs, it was more than hot enough as McCartney again showed he was one of the great rock singers.CHARLIE BROWN,the oldest little kid in America, will retire next year after nearly 50 years as the star of the Peanuts cartoon strip.

The creator of the strip, Charles Schulz, 77, is recovering from abdominal surgery and undergoing treatment for colon cancer. He has decided to end the cartoon, which has 355 million readers in 75 countries and is translated into 21 languages.

The cartoonist has single-handed been drawing and researching each strip for nearly five decades.  Merchandising spin-offs started with a 1952 comic book, then a 1961 calendar and expanded eventually to a line of fluffy toys, lunchboxes and even clothing. Balloons of Snoopy the size of small building used to a highlight of the annual thanksgiving parade through New York City.

The wit and wisdom of the comic characters has left its mark on American culture. Thumbsucking Linus trailed around a "security blanket" at all times and the term found its way into the dictionary. At the height of the Cold War, the Kremlin lashed out against Lucy, the bad-tempered older sister of Linus, which it said represented all the evils of imperialism.

Mr Schulz said yesterday: "Although I feel better following my recent surgery, I want to focus on my health and my family without the worry of a daily deadline. Thank you for your kindness and support over the years and for the outpouring of good wishes since my surgery."