NOEL EDMONDS is quitting the BBC after 30 years, saying he is frustrated at its inability to make quality programmes.

Announcing his decision yesterday, the presenter, whose prime-time programmes attract millions of viewers, said he expected his departure from the Corporation would also mark his retirement from British TV.

The 50-year-old will present two more shows before his four-year contract ends next March. 'I suspect I will bid a fond goodbye before I get too stale and before I get too frustrated,' said Edmonds. 'I feel demotivated to a point where I sadly feel it's time to say goodbye.'

'I feel like a Michael Schumacher being offered a Morris Minor rather than a Ferrari.'

His announcement is a serious blow for the BBC, coming within days of the defection to ITV of key sports presenter Des Lynam.

One senior corporation executive said last night, however: 'His ratings had been falling for some time and he wasn't the solid bet he once was. Noel has been clever and has struck first, knowing he was on his way out. There was not going to be a new contract offered in March.' The BBC issued a curt official statement, which said: 'Noel has given the BBC a lifetime of great work on radio and TV.'

'In his time he has been a great performer and come up with some fantastic, inventive Ideas.'

'It is sad when the veterans move on but it always makes room for fresh ideas and fresh young talent.'

Edmonds's departure comes amid increasing rancour over the development of his new flagship Saturday evening show, which was to have replaced Noel's House Party.

Six months after House Party was cancelled in the middle of its run because of falling ratings no agreement could be reached over the new show's format.

Edmonds said: 'If the BBC said tomorrow that the new show is fantastic, I would have to say, "I don't think you have got the resources to make it happen". That is the sadness.'

He was 'heartbroken' because accountants had taken over from programme makers.

'Name something that is currently on BBC1 that gets people excited and talking about it, he said. 'You're struggling.'

The BBC executive said, however: 'There were problems with the new programme's format which weren't addressed. We weren't happy with it as it needed work.'

'As for his other programme ideas, they simply didn't fit in with the BBC. They weren't particularly new or good.'HIS house Party guests had overstayed their welcome and, as Noel Edmonds puts up the shutters on his career with the BBC, there will be no shortage of enemies chortling that his abrupt exit from Crinkley Bottom is the most humiliating Gotcha! he has ever awarded himself.

They will say he had lost the plot of what constitutes Saturday night family entertainment.

All the annoying paraphernalia that goes with him - including the self-satisfied smirks and gnomic asides, the violent hand-knits, the gross sidekicks such as Mr Blobby, the endless manipulation of B-list celebrities for cheap laughs - will be cited as contributions to what may be seen as his downfall. But Edmonds, whose private deals with the BBC made him a millionaire, excited the jealousy of those who didn't think of it first.

Analyse what went into Noel's House Party in the days before his 15million viewers shrank by half, amid repeated complaints by Edmonds that the programme was being 'cobbled together' around him by those who didn't share his vision of good-humoured fun, and it is clear his original concept was in its way a work of genius.

Nobody else - not even Brucie at his best - could have held together a show that seemed simplicity itself but, when launched in 1992, was technically the most complex ever attempted. The mock manor house Crinkley Bottom sent up his own aspirations and personal acquisitions of a manor house near Aylesbury in Buckinghamshire followed by an estate in Devon. 

The host had to perform live, both scripted and ad lib, while interacting with a stream of guests and an enthusiastic studio audience, introducing filmed inserts, making numerous live link-ups with viewers at home and abroad, fending off the intrusive bungler Mr Blobby - a pink Latex figure twice his size - dunking victims in 'gunge' tanks and bringing out the best in tongue-tied children. And all at break-neck pace.

Even the much-vaunted Chris Evans, who shamelessly attempted to lift the concept of alternating interaction with professionals and viewers, never had to stitch so many disparate elements together for 50 minutes of peak-time entertainment. Call it the ultimate trivial pursuit of a winning format if you will, but you have to admire the consummate professionalism  of the man in charge. That, without a doubt, was Edmonds. He even owned rights to its spin-off, the Mr Blobby theme park at Cricket St Thomas in Somerset.

A CLEVER and innovative force in radio and television since the Sixties, he has always been the man in control of his own destiny. Even as a teenager he never sat back and waited for events to overtake him. With ten 0-levels and four A-levels, his place at university was assured when he blew his savings on a bedroom studio and made an audition tape that secured his first job as a DJ. At that time, Radio Luxembourg was the only radio station legally broadcasting non-stop pop to Britain.

He immediately introduced a style of running gags between records, bringing the staid station in line with Tony Blackburn's slick delivery on Radio Caroline. When the BBC launched Radio 1 to squeeze out the pirates, both launched their own shows - but it was Edmonds who saw it as a vehicle for a career as an all-round entertainer.

In 1973, he took over Kenny Everett's breakfast show on Radio 1 and had eight million listeners by the time he quit five years later, smashing his alarm clock with a hammer in celebration. By then he had made his first TV appearance, compering Top of the Pops, and moved smoothly from radio to television to host the ground-breaking two-hour Multi-Coloured Swap Shop.

Before Swap Shop, parents enjoyed intimate moments on Saturday mornings while children listened to the radio or went to Saturday morning cinema. But with the phone-in Show taking 1,200 calls a week, Edmonds - by then sporting long hair and Seventies flares soon had eight million viewers (and a farm and a helicopter).

After six years he again quit while he was ahead, leaving such a void that the show was scrapped  although the format has influenced almost every BBC1 Saturday morning show since. Once again, the dream vehicle appeared to carry Edmonds' talents. The Late Late Breakfast Show was an immediate Saturday teatime hit, challenging viewers to perform death-defying feats.

ITS run ended when contestant Michael Lush was killed in rehearsals for a stunt, amid claims of gross negligence. Edmonds had the good sense to acknowledge his feelings of responsibility for the tragedy. By 1989 when he married his second wife Helen and moved to his £2.3million home in Devon, he was the highly-paid star of the Noel Edmonds Saturday Roadshow, his new BBC1 baby. Clearly a person with a low boredom threshold, he was soon looking for new challenges.

The first House Party went out in November 1991, winning him his first Bafta - the television Oscar - for Best Light Entertainment Programme in 1993. Weeks later, he signed the first multi-million pound contract with the BBC, a record-breaking four-year £10million 'golden handcuffs' deal for himself and his production company.

When House Party's creation Mr Blobby earned £8million, part of the deal was that the BBC and Edmonds each collected four per cent of the trade price of the Blobby spin-offs - £500,000 each.

EDMONDS'S business acumen clearly matched his performing talents. Like the cars that were his hobby, he was on a fast track to the megabucks and personal glory. On November 19 1994, the National Lottery was launched on television by Edmonds as he celebrated 25 years with the BBC. He had become a national institution. At the time his TV quiz show Telly Addicts and Noel's House Party dominated light entertainment and he was the obvious choice to front the nation's frivolous foray into high-rolling.

People imagined his 'luck' might rub off on them, but he had always made his own luck. Some might say Noel Edmonds deserts his flagships before they can go down with him. A fairer assessment might be that he wants to leave us laughing as he goes. Whatever he does next, it will be original, challenging and good, honest family fun.CORONATION Street actress Tracy Shaw told yesterday how she came close to suicide as she battled to overcome anorexia.

Miss Shaw, 26, who plays dizzy hairdresser Maxine Heavey in the ITV soap, said she considered ending her life after being placed on a psychiatric ward when her weight plummeted to six stone.

'Being put into a ward with people with long-term mental illness and who are shaking with the drugs they are taking, there's no way that you can go in and feel normal and be OK with yourself,' she told ITV's That's Esther programme.

The Derbyshire-born actress, whose Coronation Street character is due to marry butcher Ashley Peacock next month, told Miss Rantzen how she kept the eating disorder a secret from her family for three years as she tried





'I had to get

some help'



to fight it by herself. But the despair caused by the condition almost tipped her over the edge, she said.

It was when she found herself contemplating suicide that she realised she could not do it alone. 'I had to go into hospital because I had to get some help.'

The treatment was not successful, she said, and she finally won her battle with the help of private counselling sessions.

Although she currently looks the picture of health, Miss Shaw's weight has fluctuated noticeably since she gained her high-profile role in Coronation Street in 1995.

The battle with anorexia has been an ongoing one. In court In 1996 for her third speeding offence, Miss Shaw told magistrates how she was stifi attempting to overcome the illness.

She said: 'I am definitely on the way to recovery now. I am having counselling that has really helped and there has been a lot of support as far as my family is concerned.

'I will have counselling until I feel strong enough to manage on my own.'

There has been speculation that her turbulent love life Including being jilted publicly by actor Darren Day - caused the slimming disease to resurface.

Revelations that stage and TV star Day had been seeing former Home and Away star Isla Fisher during their relationship had a devastating effect on the actress, who was pictured looking gaunt at the time of their split last year.

Miss Shaw delivered an angry riposte in an edition of Hello! magazine, accusing her former fiance of being dishonest and underhand.

She stated: 'I think men should be big enough and to be honest and say “I've fallen In love with somebody else”. 'I would probably have been able to take that, but lies and deceit are much more painful'



The actress's new curves and healthy appearance may be due to her finding happiness at last inher love life.

Last month she was quoted as saying she was 'really really happy' after being pictured In a passionate embrace with male model Matt Bailey at a party.



IT is more than ten years since they enthralled millions as 'Dirty' Den Watts and his wife Angie, tempestuous tenants of the Queen Vic. Now Leslie Grantham and Anita Dobson are rekindling the celebrated partnership they forged in EastEnders for a four-part television drama series, The Stretch. Grantham, 52, plays Terry Green, a criminal who hides his activities from his wife. But when he is jailed, she discovers how deeply involved in the underworld he has become and has then to decide whether to take over her husband's 'business.'

The Stretch starts filming this autumn and will be broadcast on Sky Premier early next year.

Grantham said: 'When I first read the script, I felt as though the lead roles were written with me and Anita in mind. I'm looking forward to working with her again.' It marks a return to the heady days of the mid Eighties for the two stars, when their stormy on-screen relationship kept fans glued to their screens. More than 3O million tuned in to EastEnders on Christmas Day 1986 to see Den give divorce papers to Angie.

IN huge wigs and revealing corsets, Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders are setting out on a romp through 18th century France - hoping to revive the BBC's comedy reputation en route. They star in Let Them Eat Cake, one of the highlights of the corporation's £195million autumn schedule unveiled yesterday. 

BBC1 controller Peter Salmon - recently criticised by the board of governors for not coming up with new comedy hits - admits the new offerings will be a crucial demonstration of the station's ability to distinguish itself from ITV. He conceded that the corporation has faced 'problems' after a series of setbacks, including the defections of Des Lynam and EastEnders star Ross Kemp to ITV. 'But great TV is not about poaching stars, It's not about imitating innovative formats - it is about ambition, commitment and talent,' he said.

In Let Them Eat Cake, Saunders plays the sex-starved Comtesse de Vache, while French is her impudent maid, Lisette. It is billed as 'a cross between Dangerous Liaisons and Up Pompeii.'

Other autumn highlights include a £6million series Walking with Dinosaurs, using virtual reality to recreate the creatures. And Michael Palin returns with another odyssey - retracing Ernest Hemingway's global travels.



HARRY ENFIELD has signed a £1million deal with satellite channel Sky, it emerged last night.

His latest series, The People's Harry Enfield, will be shown next summer on Sky Premier and feature a string of new characters which viewers will help to create.

A spokesman for Sky Premier said last night: 'He has left the BBC for this particular show. Obviously we are very pleased that he has come to us. Of all the people who have left the BBC recently, it's fantastic to have someone as popularhigh-profile as Harry Enfield come to Sky.' A spokesman for the BBC denied that the deal with Sky was a blow and said that the comedian, who has created such household names as Loadsamoney and Kevin the Teenager, had never been under exclusive contract to the corporation.

'He has loads of ideas and is a huge talent. He has always done other projects and we will continue to work with him,' she said, adding that he was part of the channel's Millennium schedule. 'We have several projects in the pipeline,' she said. Enfield's move follows the  departures of Noel Edmonds and Des Lynam from the BBC in recent weeks. His most recent show was the political spoof The Sermon From St Albion's shown on ITV, In which he portrayed the Prime Minister as a trendy vicar.IT WASN'T quite as outrageous as That Dress, the barely believable gown (with the emphasis on barely) that made her an overnight sensation five years ago.

For sheer audacity, those few scraps of flimsy black material held together by several strategically-placed safety pins will probably never be matched.

But as Liz Hurley arrived with Hugh Grant for the world premiere of the romantic comedy Mickey Blue Eyes In London last night, she ensured she stole the limelight in another stunning Versace creation - a backless chain mail-style dress adorned with gold and pink mirrors, sequins and diamante. It had, she said, proved comfortable to wear so far - but she was unsure whether she would be able to sit in it for long.

However, the actress had special reasons for staying glued to her seat at the Odeon, Lelcester Square - the movie stars Grant, and she produced it. It is the second offering from their Simian Films company. Their first venture, Extreme Measures, failed to take off at the box office. But last night, the couple were upbeat about Mickey Blue Eyes. 'It's very funny and preview audiences have been in stitches,' said Grant.

Among the celebrities at the premiere were Liam Gallagher and pregnant Patsy Kensit - Liz is to be godmother to their baby.

THE last ever episode of Blackadder win be screened on Sky before the BBC, it emerged last night.

The satellite giant announced that it has struck a £3.5million deal to broadcast the one-off episode of the hit comedy which stars Rowan Atkinson, after it is first shown to visitors of the Millennium Dome.

The BBC, still reeling from the loss of Des Lynam to ITV, last night seemed determined to fight the move and was said to be considering legal action to win the programme back on the grounds that the New Millennium Experience Company -which commissioned the episode - has no right to sell it to the satellite network.

A BBC spokesman said: 'Blackadder is part of the BBC's heritage and we will do everything to protect that, even if it means taking action against the NMEC.'

He added that, while Sky might be the first to broadcast the progamme - which also stars 'Tony Robinson, Miranda Richardson, Rik Mayall, Stephen Fry, Hugh Laurie and supermodel Kate Moss - it will still be shown by the BBC at some point.'SAEED JAFFREY has been 'rested indefinitely' by Coronation Street's producers weeks after being arrested for drunken behaviour on a train.

The move is a huge blow to the 70-year-old acting veteran, who joined the Granada soap six months ago as shopkeeper Ravi Desai, head of the Street's first Asian family.

Producers were forced to reprimand him three weeks ago when he became embroiled in a drunken argument with two women on a train from London to Manchester, where the series is filmed.

He was taken to Newcastle-Under-Lyme police station in Staffordshire, where he was put in the cells for the night. Last night a Coronation Street spokesman insisted the decision on his soap character was not linked to the incident.

 She said: 'The decision was taken two days before that. He was on a three-month contract when he started. That was renewed once and then the producer decided to rest his character.

'He will not be killed off and we are leaving the door open for his return if he wants.'

'People are written out and it is not necessarily for ever. The Desai family are an important part of the Street.'

Street bosses are, however, currently casting for an actor to play anew Desai family member, a cousin, and a shocked Mr Jaffrey says he has been told his character will be 'rested Indefinitely'.

'She was very cold and disrespectful'

The decision was taken by the soap's new producer, Jane Mcnaught, who called Mr Jaffrey and his wife Jennifer to a meeting on July 23.

Mrs Jaffrey said yesterday: 'I found her very cold and quite disrespectful of his standing in the profession.'

She said producers assured her the decision had nothing to do with the train incident or with her husband's drinking.

'They told us a decision had been taken before anything like that happened and It was even minuted,' said Mrs Jaffrey. 'She said Saeed's doctor had recently expressed concern following tests on his liver.

'Since then we have gone back to the doctor and it was absolutely back to normal. He does not have a drink problem. He only drinks socially. We both like to have a drink in the evening.'

'But he never ever drinks when he is working and nobody can ever criticise his professionalism.'

'He is always on time for work and even turns up early, and he has worked with some of the best directors like Lord Attenborough and David Lean.'

Mr Jaffrey's character was brought in to the Street to reflect the reality of multicultural Britain.

Over the months, Ravi Desai has changed from being a strict father and hard-working shopkeeper, to a more suave figure, recently dating Alma (Amanda Barrie), the estranged wife of local factory owner Mike Baldwin.

Mrs Jaffrey said his character was only just beginning to develop and was building up a fan base. 'It is a great blow and Saeed is very disappointed,' she said. 'He has given up all his film commitments in India and obviously he was looking forward to being in Coronation Street for quite a bit longer.

'I think it was a very unwise decision and I did tell them that at the meeting.'

'When he first started he obviously got a lot of publicity because he is the best-known Asian actor in Britain and he brought a whole new audience to the soap.' She added that the actor, who starred in the films Gandhi and Passage to India, receives hundreds of fan letters a week.

Last night, leading figures in Asian television were shocked by the news.

Anil Gupta, producer of the BBC's award-winning Goodness Gracious Me, said: 'He is the doyen of Asian actors and has made a career where most people have failed.'

'He is an icon and has worked with everyone and you have to give him respect because it is not easy being an Asian actor now, and certainly would have been tougher when he started.'

Mr Jaffrey - whose publishers ordered some explicit details of his sex life to be cut from his autobiography - was once married to the actress and Indian cookery writer Madhur Jaffrey. He studied acting at RADA before finding fame in the classic ITV series The Jewel in the Crown.

'He is an acting icon'

Awarded an OBE in 1995, his British film career spans 30 years, appearing with many major stars including Daniel Day-Lewis in My Beautiful Laundrette. He has also appeared in more than 100 films in India, but quit the Indian film business to join Coronation Street. He said at the time: 'For the last 15 years I have been flying back and forth between India and England almost a dozen times a year. 'I felt it was time to stop. It also gave me a chance to regularly watch British television.'

'My favourite soap is Coronation Street - wonderful scripts, beautiful characters, truthful acting and magical twists. So you can imagine how thrilled I was when Granada asked me to join them.'
THEIR arrival was enough to ensure eyes were wide open on both sides of the Atlantic.

Nicole Kidman and Natalie Portman, starring in two of the most hyped films of the year, won the loudest cheers at their respective premieres.

Nicole wore a daring modern take on the Roman toga for the screening of Eyes Wide Shut in Los Angeles. Her skirt was slashed to the waist and her backless top held in place by two thin straps.

It made her a stark mismatch with husband and co-star Tom Cruise, who turned up in Jeans and an old jumper. Kidman, 31, who appears naked during an erotic dream sequence in the sexually explicit film directed by the late Stanley Kubrlck, completed the outfit with a pair of glitzy silver sandals. The film, which will have an 18 rating, opens across the U.S. today and

in Britain on September 10. An orgy sequence, which was digitally modified to clear American censors, will be uncut in the British version.

Miss Portman had more competition in the style stakes when the new Star Wars film, Episode I - The Phantom Menace, received its royal premiere in front of Prince Charles in London. But the crowds of diehards in Stars Wars costume could not steal the 18-year-old actress's moment. Dressed in a duck-egg strapless bodice and matching skirt and shawl, she was greeted with a huge roar from the 5,000-strong crowd in Leicester Square. 'It's fantastic being in London,' said Miss Portman, who plays Queen Amidala. 'There's far more excitement than there was in America.'



HE insisted that his wife should have the best care money could buy when she gave birth to their first child yesterday.

But Noel Gallagher turned his back on the champagne celebrations after his daughter's arrival - to nip out for a pint of Guinness instead.

The Oasis star said doctors at the Portland Hospital in north London had proclaimed the birth of baby Anais one of the easiest they had ever dealt with.

His wife Meg Mathews looked as though she had 'just been out shopping', rather than undergone a four-hour labour, he said. 'Meg feels fine and looks wonderful. She looks amazing, she doesn't even look like she's had a baby,' he added.

Despite claiming that he would be too squeamish to attend the birth, Gallagher said he had been at his 33-year-old wife's side - along with her best friend and PR business partner Fran Cutler.

'It was a really easy birth - the doctor said it was one of the easiest that he had been involved in,' he said. 'Meg was really calm throughout.'

He said his 71b 2oz daughter, born at l.l7 pm, had blonde hair and blue eyes like her mother.

He added: 'I admit I cried. It was a wonderful moment, something I will never forget. After the birth the family were drinking champagne upstairs.

'But I would much rather have a pint of Guinness. I thought it was a great oversight of the hospital not to serve it.

Gallagher, 32, said his wife had named the baby after her favourite author Anals Nin, the French writer of erotic novels and diaries about sex.

The couple had also chosen a French name because the baby was conceived at Christian Dior's mansion just outside Cannes. Anais was induced two weeks early and she and her mother are due to stay in hospital for a few days.

The songwriter, who recently moved with his wife to a £2.5million mansion in Chalfont St Giles, Buckinghamshire, said they planned to have two more children.

His brother Liam, who became a father five months ago when his wife Patsy Kensit gave birth to their son, Lennon, was delighted for them, said Gallagher.
VICTORIA Beckham has finally admitted that she was worried about her drastic weight loss after the birth of baby Brooklyn.

As fears grew that she was becoming too thin, Posh Spice publicly brushed aside concerns.

Now she has revealed that she was far more worried about her shrinking frame than she ever let on.

She decided to visit a doctor after being afraid that she was shedding too many pounds after giving birth to her son last March.

The 25-year-old wife of England soccer star David Beckham, Victoria made the admission in an interview with Michael Parkinson, to be broadcast on BBC-l tonight.

She said: 'It did worry me. I started to get paranoid so I went to the doctor's and said, "Look, Is there anything wrong with me?"

"I wanted to be totally checked out because I was eating perfectly fine, exactly as I always have done, and I was losing weight."

"They just said it's just something that happens when you have children. My mum lost three stone after she had my brother, so it's hereditary."

"I think that I could probably do with putting on weight, but I just eat what I eat and this is the way I am."

During her pregnancy, Victoria gained only a stone in weight, while medical experts expect most women to put on twice that amount.

After Brooklyn's birth, she became thinner than fans had ever seen her.

Her waif-like figure led to widespread concern for her health, prompting friends and relatives to step in to quash suggestions she was anorexic.

Victoria told Parkinson: 'We were out at dinner the other day and I was absolutely bursting for the toilet and it's quite sad to think you can't even go to the toilet because if you do, people are going to think you're throwing up.'

Victoria also told how she had hired a bodyguard for her son following recent kidnap threats.

She said: 'It's something that's really worrying, that's every parent's worst nightmare, something happening to their child. That's scary.'

Although Brooklyn is not yet a year old, his parents are already planning to send him to a private school.

Victoria said: 'I am going to send him to a private school in the country. I'm not going to send him to Eton or anywhere like that, but I'm putting his name down at lots of different schools up north and down south.

Defending her decision to sell exclusive photographs of her wedding to OK! magazine, she said: 'If we asked everybody out there, "If you got offered a lot of money for pictures that were going to be in the Press anyway ..." then who out there wouldn't have accepted the money and said, "Thank you, nice pictures that I can control". I think everybody out there would do it. I'd have been daft, come on.'

Dismissing claims that she had gone under the surgeon's knife to enhance her bust, she said: 'I haven't had a boob job if I had had a boob job done I would have had them done bigger than this.'

And on her husband's penchant for strange attire, including skirts and unusual head gear, the singer denied that she has an influence.

She said the Manchester United star was 'a very, very strong character'.

'He doesn't speak up a lot of the time and I'm the one with the big mouth, so a lot of people think that I do (influence his clothes).

'The skirts and the headgear, none of that has actually been my idea. I'd love to take credit for it, but It wasn't me.'

She also dismissed her own recent claim that her husband wore her underwear as 'a joke'.

On her husband's boss Sir Alex Ferguson, who is known to disapprove of Beckham's celebrity lifestyle, she said tactfully: 'I think he's very good at his job. I don't really know him, you know. He is very professional, he does his job. But you know when there are social events and things like that he doesn't get involved.'

The Spice Girl also told Parkinson that she is planning to write her own solo album and hankers after an acting career.
IN true 007 style, Pierce Brosnan found himself surrounded by beautiful women at the European premiere of the 19th James Bond film in London last night. But he had eyes only for his companion Keely Shaye-Smlth. And it wasn't only because she was wearing £3.5million worth of jewellery. The 46-year-old Bond star and his American fiancee arrived for the opening of The World Is Not Enough to find Leicester Square packed with screaming fans. 'Hopefully I play the part in a convincing manner,' Brosnan said. 'It's an outstanding story and he's obviously a great character. This is my third outing as Bond and when these films work well no other films stand up to them.'

Asked if this would be his last movie as Ian Fleming's spy, Brosnan said: 'I'll possibly do one more, who knows? I don't want to get to the stage where I can't do the stunts.' His co-stars Denise Richards, Sophie Marceau and Maria Grazia Cucinotta, who plays assassin Cigar Girl, lived up to the glamorous reputation of all Bond girls, in flowing gowns and dazzling smiles. 

The £69million movie opens in cinemas around the country on November 26. Stars Robbie Coltrane, Robert Carlyle and Dame Judi Dench, who plays M, were also at last night's premiere. Other well-known faces at the show included a heavily pregnant Emma Thompson, who said Brosnan was second only to Sean Connery as the best Bond, and Sir Paul McCartney.PAUL McCartney returned to the songs and place of his youth last night rock 'n' roll in Liverpool's Cavern Club.

And as John Lennon liked to say on such occasions, 'You should have been there'. Because he was just sensational.

'Ladies and gentlemen, Paul McCartney and his band,' announced an unseen presenter to the 300-strong audience - and there he was, back where he began, doing what he always did best, playing rock 'n' roll as he raced straight into an old Big Joe Turner song, Honey Hush.

The Cavern, packed to suffocation with family and friends, a TV crew and lucky fans who'd won the lottery to get the 150 tickets available for the public, exploded in welcome.

It had been 36 years since MeCartney last played here, and he was so obviously happy to be back. As middle-aged eardrums popped, everyone crushed in front of the stage, and bobbed up and down to the beat.

Looking bright and boyish in a black T-shirt and trousers, McCartney joked and laughed with his hometown audience and his backing supergroup - Dave Gilmour, formerly of Pink Floyd, Ian Paice from Deep Purple, Mick Green and Pete Wingfield. Wreathed in smiles, his grown-up children, brother Michael and nephew and nieces, watched from the tiny dance floor.

Once, girl fans had gazed in supplication at Paul and the other Beatles and begged them not to leave the Cavern. But the Beatles had to, if they wanted to be rich and famous. Paul had wanted to come back 30 years ago with the group but Lennon had told him he was daft

Not so daft. Last night, McCartney reclaimed his credibility as one of the great rockers. What a night' It may well have been the most poignant and exhilarating moment in the whole programme of millennium celebrations. Like any young-at-heart enthusiast going through our old records, he performed like a boy again, and for the sheer joy of it.

There was the Charlie Gracie hit Fabulous, Chuck Berry's Brown Eyed Handsome Man, Elvis's All Shook Up, Gene Vincent's Blue Jean Baby, all played louder than God's roaring, until it seemed the barrelled brick wails of the new, replica Cavern must surely split.

THERE were fond memories, too, of Bob Wooller the DJ who introduced the Beatles at the Cavern - he was there last night, now an elderly gentleman in a flat cap. And inevitably, memories of Lennon. 'The first time I met John Lennon?' Paul joked like a comedian with an exaggerated Liverpool accent before going into Twenty Flight Rock.

This was a man who seemed to have refound himself and his zest for life after the loss of his wife Linda. Perhaps music has been healing for him. But there was emotion. 'This is one for loved ones, past, present and future,' he said with a crack in his voice, before going into an impassioned version of the Ricky Nelson song Lonesome Town. He and Linda had liked it as teenagers on opposite sides of the Atlantic, years before they met.

But mainly it was a night of celebration. 'I just want to say that it's fantastic to be back at the Cavern,' he'd enthused before the show, which was also to promote his new album Run Devil Run, and new single I Don't Want No Other Baby What better place to rock out the century? This is where it all began and for me the century is going to end with me playing rock 'n' roll. You'll remember that before the Beatles were the Beatles, they were a fabulous little rock 'n' roll band which is what held us together for so long and made us so good, I think. And I'm back here because I love Liverpool.'

McCartney's decision to play at the Cavern was inspired. There's just nowhere quite like it, even the modern club is a replica built on the same site as the original, which was stupidly demolished in the 70s by the City of Liverpool - as Paul mockingly noted.

Not that he seemed to mind too much. At least the stage was bigger. 'They've done a pretty good job, haven't they?' he'd told me earlier, looking around. 'It's not quite the same. But it's all right. It didn't matter that it wasn't the same, because he so evidently was.'

NOR did it matter that, despite the heat and the crowd last night, the walls weren't washed in sweat, or that the smell of perspiration, cigarettes and cleaner's fluid didn't assault the nose as they used to. Some things do get better as time passes.

By returning to the Cavern on the brink of a new millennium, McCartney took us all back to a more innocent time, a time when he was young and so was the music. So, fittingly, it was a song which was a regular McCartney better in the old Beatles days which brought the biggest response, a song he wrote himself as a teenager - I Saw Her Standing There, always a great Cavern stomper.

As his brother Michael laughed to me: 'It's as though he's singing Somewhere Over The Rainbow they love it so much'.

The historic gig was relayed live on the Internet to an estimated l50million fans worldwide. But as three million logged on in Britain alone, UK Internet servers became so congested that some could only connect via a United States link.

Pictures were also beamed to a 20ft screen in Liverpool's Chavasse Park, where thousands of fans braved the freezing night to rock along with their hero. Pat Oakes, who worked at the Cavern in its heyday, was there with her grandson. She said: 'When the Beatles were first on there, they weren't that big. it's great to see Paul back here.'

As McCartney ended his act with the old Presley raver Let's Have A Party, it was intimacy gone global - a moment to remember when a small club in a North Western city which has seen better years showed off a favourite son to the world through modern technology.

It might have marked the end of one millennium, but in another way it surely marks the beginning of another. And where better to do it than in the cradle of British rock music, with one of the greatest songwriters and performers any of us has ever known? What a night! Thanks, Paul. You can still do it. One more time now: She was just 17, you know what I mean ...?'



