TV star Noel Edmonds is quitting the BBC because he found the programmes "too boring".

Noel, 50, said yesterday he was sad to be "throwing in the towel" after 30 years at the Beeb - though he did not rule out a TV comeback if the right offer came along.

But viewers seemed bored, too -  Noel's House Party was axed in March after ratings dived from l5million to 8million.

The BBC said it was time for "fresh ideas".

A PLAQUE was unveiled yesterday for comic Les Dawson at the Palace Theatre in his home city of Manchester. Les died aged 59 in 1991.

THE next series of Casualty, which begins next month, will run to 30 episodes - the longest ever - the BBC said yesterday.

OASIS were stunned last night when guitarist Bonehead announced that he was walking out on them.

Like the rest of the band, Bonehead - real name Paul Arthurs - has become a multimillionaire thanks to their massive worldwide success.

But now the married father-of-two has decided he's had enough of fame.

In a statement that shocked bandleader Noel Gallagher and his singer brother Liam, Paul, 34, said: "After a lot of consideration I have decided to call it a day with Oasis. I've had a fantastic eight years in one of the best bands ever to come out of Britain, and now feel I have come to the stage where I'd like to concentrate on other things in my life outside of the demands of being in a successful rock'n'roll band."

Last night band insiders insisted that Oasis would continue to function, but I can reveal that Bonehead's resignation came as a complete surprise for his former colleagues.

A source close to the group told me: "Liam and Noel knew nothing of this. They're absolutely gobsmacked. There are a lot of worried phone calls going on at the moment."

Bonehead earned around £6 million of the £35 million generated by the band's record sales and concerts. But he had struggled to come to terms with the death of his father three years ago, and he hit the bottle in a manner that was excessive even by the wild Manchester band's boozing standards.

Arrested

An insider told me: "He's the oldest member of the band and for him the novelty of jetting round the world and staying in five-star hotels has passed. He's set for life and Paul has realised that there's a lot more to life than being a rock star. There are no bad feelings between him and the boys - they respect his decision to go."

Only recently the strain of life in the fast lane was beginning to show. At a party last February in American designer Tommy Hilfiger's West End store, Bonehead, clearly the worse for wear, got into a row with the doormen.

He was arrested for being drunk and disorderly and got locked up in a nearby police station.

On the home front, he tired of the lack of privacy and constant abuse from jealous locals.

But unlike the Gallaghers, Paul and his wife, Kate, elected to stay close to his northern roots, moving four months ago into a £600,000 home in the village of Bowden near Manchester.



ALL Saint Nicole Appleton is to go topless in her movie debut, according to her big sister Natalie.

The Appletons, along with bandmate Melanie Blatt, are currently filming Honest in which they play three armed robbers who pull off a string of heists in Sixties London.

And during yesterday's Radio 1 roadshow in Exmouth, Devon, Natalie let it slip that her sister would be stripping off for the role.

Talking to DJ Simon Mayo, who was quizzing the girls about gossip from the film, she blurted out: "OK then, Nic gets her tits out," much to the embarrassment of a red-faced Nicole.

Honest is being directed by Eurythmics star Dave Stewart.



-

HIS hair might be a little greyer. Her dark curls are now a dyed blonde. But as a couple they are unmistakable.

EastEnders legends Den and Angie Watts are back together for the first time since they both walked out of Albert Square eleven years ago.

Leslie Grantham, 52, and 50-year-old Anita Dobson were reunited as TV man and wife yesterday as they launched their new four-part drama for Sky Premier called The Stretch.

More than 30 million watched Dirty Den demand a divorce from hapless Angie in 1986, the biggest audience in British TV history. Leslie's still a villain, naturally, in his new role. He leered: "It'll be great for both of us."



ACTRESS Julie Goodyear tottered back on to Coronation Street - in six-inch high gold stilettos. Julie, who played Rovers Return landlady Bet Gilroy, is returning to the soap after four years for a Street special set in Brighton and Calais.

Julie, 57, said yesterday "It feels like I have never been away. Bet is back with bells on. The story is one of the best I have ever read and the public are in for a treat"

Another former Street favourite Ken Morley - supermarket boss Reg Holdsworth - will join her for the episode to be shown in the autumn

A Touch Of Frost actor David Jason will lead the BBC autumn offensive to win viewers. He plays Captain Frank Beck in First World War drama All The King's Men, which also stars Maggie Smith.
CHILD singing star Aled Jones, now 28, has recorded a duet with himself at the age of 13 for an album due out in September.

LIZ Hurley's provocative dresses may be a familiar sight but she still knows how to cause a stir.

Even boyfriend Hugh Grant was tempted into giving her a cheeky pat on the behind at the London premiere of his latest film Mickey Blue Eyes last night.

The stunning see-through chainmail Versace creation had only a few squares of gold metal and pink plastic to hide her modesty.

"It's actually really comfortable. Mind you I haven't sat down in it for long so I might find the squares poke my bum," she said.

And Liz, 34, who produced the romantic comedy, told of her pride at being asked to be godmother to pal Patsy Kensit's new baby, expected in October.

"I am obviously delighted to have a hand in the upbringing of my friend's offspring," she said.

But when asked if Patsy and husband Liam Gallagher, who were at the premiere, would ask her to do some babysitting Liz replied: "I do hope not."

THE BBC was dealt another blow last night when a Rowan Atkinson Blackadder special for the millennium was snatched by Sky.

The episode, based on the classic BBC comedy series, was commissioned to be shown at the Millennium Dome. But its first TV screening will be on satellite.

Sky chief Elisabeth Murdoch said "Securing exclusive UK TV rights is tremendous."

BABY Spice Emma Bunton will make her TV presenting debut in October as host of her own music show on VH1.

ACTOR Saeed Jaffrey is being axed from Coronation Street weeks after his arrest for being drunk on a train.

Jaffrey, 70, plays corner shop owner Ravi Desai. He and his screen children were the first Asians to move into Weatherfield in the Street's 38-year history.

Last night his wife and agent Jennifer, 53, said: "The huge Asian audience he attracted is going to feel cheated."

"Thousands switched to the Street just to watch him and he gets loads of letters. They made a big song and dance about bringing in an Asian family but he's been treated very shabbily."

Jaffrey was cautioned by police last month after a boozy argument with two women on a London-Manchester train put him in the cells for a night.

He and Jennifer were summoned to a meeting at Granada to be told of his axing.

His contract expires on August 27. He will then film three more episodes to be screened in November.

Street bosses said the decision was taken two days before the rail incident.

They denied any change in the policy to get more Asians on screen, saying a cousin of Ravi would soon be appearing in the series.

A spokeswoman said: "Saeed has not been fired. His character has been written out and may well be back in the future."

Jaffrey, awarded an OBE in 1995, has been a big hit as ladykiller Ravi Desai since joining the soap eight months ago.

Work

He has wined and dined jilted wife Alma Baldwin (Amanda Barrie) and now has his sights set on widow Audrey Roberts (Sue Nicholls).

Jennifer, Jaffrey's wife of 19 years, added: "He's a brilliant actor and his storylines were just beginning to develop. It seems so stupid to get rid of such a well-liked character."

The actor, whose first wife was TV cook Madhur Jaffrey, has appeared in more than 100 films.

He is due to appear in a new TV series and in October will finish filming a new Indian movie Albela, featuring former Miss World Aishwarya Rai.

Jennifer, of Greenford, Middlesex, said: "He would go back to the Street if he was available, but we're not going hang around waiting or turn work down."

She laughed off suggestions that the decision to axe him was down to his night in custody after being arrested by two plainclothes policemen.

She said: "Saeed's a real gentleman.When you're well-known, you're very vulnerable to that sort of thing but fortunately, he wasn't too upset about it."
 

AFTER months of hype, Star Wars: The Phantom Menace had its royal premiere last night - and my fears came true.

The movie has already received a lukewarm reception from the critics.

Likewise, the premiere got the cold shoulder by Britain's superstars. Oh, and yours truly.

I mean where were Noel and Liam? Kate Moss? Even the Spice Girls, who'd turn up to the opening of an envelope, failed to show on this occasion.

Obviously Princes William and Harry can't be huge fans - Prince Charles turned up without them. And where was Liam Neeson, one of the film's stars?

Me? I went home, splashed fresh paint on the kitchen wall and spent a highly enjoyable evening watching it dry. Meanwhile the thousands of ordinary folk who crowded into Leicester Square had to make do with a motley collection of microcelebrities.

Among them were 5ive singer Rich, Gail Porter's mum Irene, EastEnder Carol Harrison (Tiffs mum) and, er, Jamie Theakston's girlfriend Bev Turner. 

Oh, and adding a dash of glam, 60s icon Marianne Faithfull.

 The organiaation inside the cinema underlined the dismal atmosphere of the evening. When my man James was about to grab a word with director George Lucas, he was rudely pulled Away. 

Another PR blunder.

No wonder Ewan McGregor, who plays Obi-Wan Kenobi in the flick, looked so miserable when he arrived at the Odeon.

Those who did give their considered opinion on the film included Queen guitarist Brian May and Eurythmic Dave Stewart, singer Charlotte Church and Holby City actresses Lisa Faulkner and Angela Griffin.

After the film the guests were taken to a party held on a disused parking lot near Tower Bridge - How glamorous.

Even then many of the guests struggled to get tickets as it seems the 20th Century Fox PR people had failed to do their sums properly.I still haven't got over the nude pics of H from Steps. Now I hear Lisa is considering a strip, too. Faye and Claire, though, insist they won't follow suit.
CHECK it. . this ain't that Richard Madeley geezer, it's me, innit - All G.

The spoof rapper appeared to be taking on a new role yesterday as co-host of ITV's This Morning.

But underneath the yellow shell-suit, wraparound sunglasses and gold medallion was in fact the show's real presenter, Richard Madeley.

Wife Judy Finnigan struggled to keep a straight face as he discussed the programme with her in Ali G's "gangsta lingo".

In a swipe at the show's makeover slot, he asked: "Why does you bother wid all these makeovers? Why don't you just get women who is fit to start with?"

When Judy refused to do the whole show with Richard as Ali G, he asked: "Is it because I is black?"

Richard's new look came after viewers were asked to suggest a celebrity for him to copy. Half voted for Ali G, who is played by comic Sacha Baron Cohen.
GORGEOUS Amanda Holden - who pranced in her undies on The Grimleys - has criticised the amount of sex on the box. Pot, kettle or what?

James Brown to sing on the BBC's millennium single It's Only Rock 'n' Roll - the Stones classic.

OASIS star Noel Gallagher became a dad for the first time yesterday.

He was present and in tears as wife Meg Mathews gave birth to a 7lb 6oz daughter, Anais.

Then joyful Noel popped out for a pint of Guinness - courtesy of The Mirror. He told us: "The birth was the best thing ever."
OASIS superstar Noel Gallagher toasted the birth of his first child yesterday - with a pint of Guinness courtesy of the Mirror.

His wife Meg Mathews gave birth to a 7lb 6oz bouncing baby girl at London's exclusive Portland Clinic.

Later proud dad Noel, who was present at the delivery, adjourned to a nearby pub to wet the baby's head- and admitted he'd cried during the birth.

Noel said they'd named the baby Anais after Anais Nin, the controversial French erotic writer, Meg's favourite author.

"The baby's beautiful," he said over his pint. "She's got blonde hair and blues eyes."

Noel was at Meg's side throughout her labour from 9.30 pm until the birth at l.l7 pm yesterday.

'Meg's fine. She did really well. I thought there was going to be all this screaming and shouting, but it was fine. It's just like she's been on a shopping trip! She was very, very brave. She looks amazing, she doesn't even look like she's had a baby.

"I had a few tears in my eyes, I can tell you.

"The doctor's told me her labour was very short for a first birth.

"I feel a bit numb - I stood round feeling like a bit of an idiot when it was happening.

I couldn't do anything. But when it happened it was the best thing ever.

While Noel supped a pint his mum Peggy, Meg's mother Christine and her best pal Fran Cutler were at the hospital celebrating with champagne.

"I hate champagne, so I thought I'd come out here for a pint of Guinnesa Instead,' Noel laughed."

He spoke to kid brother Liam on the telephone minutes after the birth. "Liam's over the moon," he told me.

"He was shouting down the phone and he's been ringing everybody about it."

"Everything worked out exactly like we wanted - we wanted a little girl and we got one."

"She was born a few days early because she was getting so big the doctor thought she should come out before she got any bigger."

Noel said they had chosen the French name because Anaie was conceived while they were in France. "It happened when we were recording our last album at Christian Dior's chateau in Montreux," he said.

The Oasis superstar added he was looking forward to being a dad.

"Maybe it will bring out my feminine side," he joked. "It's going to be great."

He said he hadn't read any books about babies, but he would be taking advice on parenting from Liam.

Former hellraiser Noel even gave up cigarettes and alcohol because the smell of them was making Meg feel ill. "My mum is over the moon as well," he said.

"She's got three boys, so it's the first girl in the family."

"I'm really looking forward to having another girl in the family too - it's going to be two against one in future."

Noel's mobile phone rang repeatedly as he shared a drink with The Mirror in the Fitz and Firkin opposite the hospital.

He was given flowers by a well-wisher and spoke at length on the phone to top DJ Goldie about the birth.

Mother and baby should be at home at the couple's Bucks mansion by the weekend.

"I want them home by Saturday so I can watch the Tyson fight," Noel joked.

The couple had been staying at the Halcyon Hotel in London's Notting Hill.

Noel, who can't drive, had booked them into a £300-a-night suite last week because he was worried about how he would get Meg to the hospital in time.

Spice Girls Mel C and Victoria Beckham as well as Meg's sister-in-law Patsy Kensit gave birth at the Portland.

A pal said "Anais is beautiful and absolutely perfect. She's got Meg's lovely hair and eyes. She looks like a little angel."

I reckon it's a blessing in disguise that she hasn't got her father's eyebrows. But well done to both Noel and Meg.
STUNNING Catherine Zeta Jones has signed a £250million deal to make Hollywood movies, it was revealed last night.

The Mask Of Zorro star, who announced this week she is to marry Oscar-winner Michael Douglas, will produce up to 12 films with brother Lyndon. The pair's company Zeta Films will receive between £5million and £50million for each movie from US-based Initial Entertainment Group.

The deal was arranged by Catherine's other brother David - a senior lEG executive. And the Welsh actress said last night: "IEG has assembled a great work force and I look forward to being part of the team." 

Douglas, 55, proposed to Catherine, 30, on New Year's Eve at his home in Aspen, Colorado. Friends believe they will marry at Clyne Chapel near her family's Swansea home on September 25.
 JAMES Bond star Pierce Brosnan plants a kiss on fiancee Keely Shaye-Smith at last night's British premiere of his new 007 movie. Keely, who sported £3.5million worth of diamond jewellery, was among a host of beautiful women at the star-studded event.

And they were joined by surprise guests Sir Paul McCartney and pal Heather Mills for the first UK screening of The World Is Not Enough. New Bond girl Denise Richards was one of the early celebrity arrivals at the Odeon in London's Leicester Square. Chicago-born beauty Denise, 27 - Dr Christmas Jones in the movie glittered in a pink Versace dress topped off with sequins on her face.

She said: "I'm delighted to be here. We've had a fantastic reception in London. It is a real honour to work on a film with so much history. And Pierce is really cool."

Maria Grazia Cucinotta, who plays Cigar Girl, arrived with fellow Bond girl Sophie Marceau.

Brosnan, 46, said: "Bond is bigger, better and healthier than ever. It's really spectacular. It exceeded anything we had hoped for." Other guests included Desmond Llewelyn, Q in the film. Miss Moneypenny Samantha Bond, pregnant Emma Thompson. Vinnie Jones, Princess Anne's former husband Mark Phillips and their son Peter.

Pierce Brosnan's son Chris was also there. After the show guests partied at a marquee bash in central London.

The movie, which also stars Dame Judi Dench, Robbie Coltrane and Robert Carlyle, has already smashed box-office records in America, taking £23.2million in its opening weekend.

It goes on national release from Friday.CILLA Black gave Sixties singing rival Lulu a TV trouncing on Saturday.

Her Blind Date show on ITV attracted 9.6 million viewers, way ahead of the 6.3 million who watched Lulu's Red Alert on BBC. 

The figures will depress Beeb bosses, who are still smarting from the critics' mauling of the programme last week.

Millions of people switched off during the show, which The Mirror's Charlie Catchpole branded "shambolic" and "puerile".

The makers, Chris Evans's Ginger Television, promised swift changes.

They sacked darts expert Sid Waddell, 58. The Geordie claimed it was because of his accent.

BBC1's problems continued later when the drama Warriors attracted 5.5 viewers, well below Airline's 9 million on ITV.

But the Beeb took the honours on Friday as Richard Whitely Unbriefed walloped Friday Night's All Wright in the war of the chat shows.

It won by 5.5 million to 3.3 million.

PAUL McCartney rolled back the yesterdays last night for a magical night at the club where the Beatles legend was born.

The Cavern had waited more than 36 years for Macca to come back to where he once belonged. And after a nostalgia-packed gig at Liverpool's most famous music venue it was clear he still belongs.

Sir Paul beamed: "It's fantastic to be back - what better way to rock out the century?"

"This is where it all began and it's where the century ends - with me playing rock 'n' roll".

It was a bit like old times as Sir Paul belted out Fab Four classics like I Saw Her Standing There In front of an audience of just 300.

But only a bit. Around 500 million fans logged on to a live music link on the Internet and millions more around the globe tuned into TV and radio broadcasts of the show.

This time there was no short stroll from Penny Lane or Strawberry Fields, but a jet flight to the Merseyside city. And in place of John, George and Ringo was Macca's new band, with Deep Purple's Ian Paice and Pink Floyd's Dave Gilmour leading the way. But as the lights dimmed and the noise of the crowd subsided a whole new audience heard the sound that thrilled a generation.

Twenty-nine of Paul's relatives, including brother Mike, were there. So too was John Lennon, 18, of Penny Lane, Liverpool. He changed his name from Ben Lomas by deed poll a month ago and queued for hours for his chance of a ticket.

In echoes of Beatlemania, scores of diehard followers had gathered outside the Cavern, alongside dozens of the world's press, for a glimpse of their hero.

Paul gasped: "Oh my God, they're all here." He added with a grin: "I am back here because I love Liverpool and because I've done a rock and roll album Run Devil Run and we're plugging it."

The club has been rebuilt since the Beatles' days. But one refurbishment was missing last night. A leather settee In Paul's private room was removed in case it offended the strict vegetarian, whose animal-loving wife Linda died of breast cancer last year.

Liverpool's council leader Mike Storey' said: "We decided it would be diplomatic if we moved it for the day."

But in every other way it was an emotional return to his roots for McCartney - and a thrilling first for this Mirror reporter. I was too young to see Paul 36 years ago.

But now I can always say, I Saw Him Standing There.



THE Peanuts comic strip starring Snoopy, Charlie Brown, Woodstock, Lucy, Linus and their chums will be killed off in the New Year.

Cartoonist Charles Schulz, 77, who is recovering from cancer, is pulling the plug on the characters, who would have been 50 years old next October.

They appear in more than 2,600 newspapers in 75 countries, in 21 languages and earn a staggering £600million a year.

Schulz issued a statement about Snoopy's demise saying it was time for the cartoon to end. At the moment there is no indication about how he and his friends will bow out. Shulz said: "I have always wanted to be a cartoonist, and I feel very blessed to have been able to do what I love for almost 50 years." 

"That all of you have embraced Snoopy, Charlie Brown. Lucy and Linus and all the other Peanuts characters has been a constant motivation for me." His wife Jean said: "I think we have to say that he's sad about it." Schulz colours and writes every cartoon frame himself and his contract forbids anyone else from drawing the comic strip. Schulz has had extensive chemotherapy treatment for colon cancer and was only released from hospital in California earlier this month.

He said: "Although I feel better following my recent surgery, I want to focus on my health and my family without the worry of a daily deadline. Thank you for your kindness and support over the years."

The popular comic strip made its debut on October 2, 1950. Over the years, the Peanuts gang became a part of American popular culture, delivering gentle humour, spiked with a child's-eye view of human weaknesses.

Long-suffering Charlie Brown faced misfortune with a mild "Good grief!"

Tart-tongued Lucy handed out advice at a nickel a pop - a joke that started as a parody of a lemonade stand. And Snoopy, Charlie Brown's wise-but-weird beagle, still took the occasional flight of fancy back to the skies of World War I and his rivalry with the Red Baron.

Lorrie Myers, Schulz's secretary, said: "It has been such a part of our lives for 5O years. We've kind of grown up on Snoopy and Charlie Brown and to see it come to a close is a sad time."

In 1990, when the Peanuts gang turned 40, the French government named Schulz Commander of Arts and Letters, one of that country's highest awards for excellence in the arts.