TV STAR Noel Edmonds is quitting the BBC because the programmes are "too boring", he announced yesterday.

Edmonds, once one of the Beeb's highest paid presenters, was sad to be "throwing in the towel" after 30 years but did not rule out a television comeback if the right offer came along. Paul Pascoe, a spokesman for Edmonds, said: "He is only 50, he has a lot of life in him yet"

Mr Pascoe said: "I know that he has not been stimulated by television for the BBC for 18 months or two years or so. He has decided not to extend his contract at the end of March."

The departure of Edmonds - who earned an estimated £5m in a four-year deal to host Noel's House Party, Telly Addicts and Telly Years - comes less than a week after sports anchorman Des Lynam defected to ITV.COMIC Les Dawson has been honoured with a blue plaque at Manchester's Palace Theatre. The memorial was unveiled by his pal and comedy partner Roy Barraclough. Les, king of the mother-in-law joke and former host of BBC TV's Blankety Blank, died in 1993.

CORRIE star Tracy Shaw revealed yesterday that that she had contemplated suicide as she battled anorexia.

Tracy, who plays sexy crimper Maxine in the Street, said she considered killing herself after being placed on a psychiatric ward when her weight plummeted to just six stone.

"Being put into a psychiatric ward with people with long-term mental illnesses who are shaking with the drugs they are taking, there's no way you can feel normal and be OK with yourself," she told BBC TV's That's Esther programme with Esther Rantzen.

Tragic

She said she thought about ending her life after hearing the tragic story of a fellow sufferer. The hospital treatment did not work, but she finally won her fight against the eating disorder with the help of counselling sessions. However, Tracy hit out over media coverage of both her illness and her turbulent love life. She agreed with her fellow guest, former England rugby skipper Will Carling, that Britain should have tight privacy laws.

ROCK wildman Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs last night quit Oasis after months of clashes with band leader Noel Gallagher.

The 34-year-old rhythm guitarist claimed he has had an amicable split after eight years with the group.

But sources said multi-millionaire Bonehead, a founder member of the band, had repeated disagreements with songwriter Noel.

The pair had fallen out while recording their fourth album, which is viewed as being crucial to the Manchester band's continued success after their last CD was slated.

Gushing

At one point, as tension rose in the studios, Noel was said to have "let go" temporarily of Bonehead's services. He had told pals that Bonehead's personality had begun to get on his nerves.

But in a statement released last night, Bonehead insisted the reason for his departure was to allow him do other things. In the gushing announcement, he said: "After a lot of consideration I have decided to call it a day with Oasis."

"I've had a fantastic eight years in one of the best bands ever to come out of Britain, and now feel I have come to the stage where I'd like to concentrate on other things in my life, outside of the demands of being in a successful rock and roll band."

"I've made some great friends along the way and wish everyone in the band every success with the next album, and intend to enjoy watching the band go on to further success in the coming years."

"I would like to thank the band and everyone around it, especially the fans, for making it so special."

"See you at the next show!"SHE may now be bottle-blonde, but they still strike the unmistakable Dirty Den and Angie pose - a decade on.

The feuding publicans who kept millions of viewers glued to EastEnders are teaming up again as man and wife.

And, though they may be older, the explosive on-screen relationship of Leslie Grantham and Anita Dobson is little wiser in Sky Premier's four-parter The Stretch. Yesterday Leslie, who plays a career criminal, and Anita, his long-suffering wife, met up in London to chat about their new roles. "TV companies have been trying to get us back together for years," said Leslie.

"But Anita and I always said the time wasn't right. Now it is - and we've got a brilliant script." More than 30 million people watched Dirty Den Watts demand a divorce from tortured Angie in 1986, the biggest audience ever on British TV. Now they play Terry and Sam in The Stretch. Said Anita: "Sam is much more together. She doesn't dive into the bottle and disintegrate like Angie did. But when Terry gets arrested, everything she thought was safe is under threat."

MEET Del Boy as you've never seen him before — as a First World War hero

• and as the Beeb's big weapon in its ratings war with ITV.

Only Fools And Horses star David Jason plays a captain in All The King's Men, which tells of the mysterious disappearance of a whole company of soldiers.

The drama heads the BBC's £l95million autumn schedule, which was unveiled yesterday. Also in the line-up are funnygirls Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders in their first sit-com together, Let Them Eat Cake. There's more comedy in Starting Out, a new show from Birds Of A Feather writers Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran. The Royle Family moves to BBC1 for its second series, while Jonathan Creek, Casualty, Holby City, Dangerfield and Ballykissangel all return.

And Walking With Dinosaurs promises to recreate prehistoric life, using computer animation.

LIZ HURLEY basked in reflected glory at the London premier of her new movie Mickey Blue Eyes last night. It wasn't just that her gold mesh Versace dress was covered in pink squares and mirrors. The comedy, which she produced, stars not herself but her other half Hugh Grant.

SMITHS legend Johnny Marr is the surprise front runner to replace Bonehead in Oasis.

The ace guitarist has been sounded out about the job with the rock giants and an official announcement is expected soon.

Songwriter Noel Gallagher has always been a huge fan of Johnny, 36, and the duo have become great pals since Oasis hit the big time.

Like Noel and brother Liam, Johnny is Manchester born and bred and regarded as a hero in the city They also have the same manager, Marcus Russell.

Bonehead - real name Paul Arthurs - announced he was quitting Oasis on Monday night. However, Noel claims he left five months ago.

Scrap

Yesterday, singer Liam still appeared to be reeling from Bonehead's announcement.

He refused to comment when he appeared briefly alongside wife Patsy Kensit outside their house in Primrose Hill, north London.

But there's no doubt that Bonehead's decision has hit him hard.

"He was Liam's best mate in the band. They used to have the odd scrap, but they were really close," says a band source.

Noel told music mag NME that the band "let Bonehead go" back in March.

He said: "It's hardly Paul McCartney leaving the Beatles. It happens - things happen."

Trouble

"He did his thing for us but that's that, so we have to find another guitarist now."

However, taking on Johnny could cause new problems for Oasis.

He is a prolific and talented songwriter, and is sure to want major influence within the band - which until now has been driven by Noel

A source says: "Noel has always been the boss written all the songs. But if Johnny joins up that could all change."

"Noel thinks Johnny is great but there could be trouble ahead because the pair are both used to being in charge."

The Smiths were one of the most influential bands of the Eighties.

Johnny and Morrissey co-wrote classics including Girlfriend In A Coma, Heaven Knows I'm Miserable Now and What Difference Does It Make? Johnny also co-wrote last year's official World Cup song How Does It Feel (To Be On Top of the World) with Echo And The Bunnymen's Ian McCulloch. That song was overshadowed by the reworking of Three Lions by Frank Skinner, David Baddiel and The Lightning Seeds.

 Now it seems Johnny is ready to step back into the limelight with Britain's biggest band.

CORONATION Street stars Julie Goodyear and Ken Morley are set to return to the soap.

The pair, who played Rovers Return landlady Bet Gilroy and supermarket boss Reg Holdsworth, were last seen on screen more than four years ago.

But they will make a surprise comeback in the autumn for a series of special episodes, set in Calais and Brighton.

The shows are expected to be sandwiched between the Street's regular four-a-week episodes, which means fans will be able to tune in SEVEN nights a week. Also back will be Chloe Newsome, granddaughter of Bet's ex-bubby Alec. and Steve McDonald's ex-wife Vicky, who last appeared at Christmas.

The story-line was outlined yesterday and will see Julie - just returned from Tenerife - carrying on exactly where she left off. She will even be wearing the same outrageous earrings - ornate, gilt birdcages complete with miniature birds that she sported when she was last seen in Weatherfield.

Granada TV bosses have not decided how many spin-off episodes there will be, but two are likely to fill the blank Tuesday and Thursday night slots with a special Saturday showing not ruled out.

The specials will follow current wideboys Steve McDonald (Simon Gregson) and Vikram Desai (Chris Bisson) as they set off on an ifiegal baccy run to France.



Eccentric

They also use the trip to deliver furniture to a wine bar being run by Vicky in Brighton. There, Steve discovers Vicky is planning to remarry and sets out to cause problems.

Meanwhile Bet arrives from the Canary Isles for the wedding, while Vikram heads alone to France where he meets up with a sexy hitch-hiker and an eccentric hypermarket manager - Reg.

Julie said yesterday: "Bet is back with bells on. The storyline is one of the best I have ever read."

"By 'eck the viewers are in for a treat."

A Street spokeswoman said: "Julie and Ken had no hesitation about coming back after reading the script. They both loved it." A Granada source explained: "The special could be split into two or three episodes, which would see the Street on our screens for six, even seven nights a week, or it could end up as a one-off two-hour episode."

"Whatever the format, it is expected to be a massive ratings winner." 



VISITORS to the Millennium Dome will get a lesson in British history from BLACKADDER. Comic Rowan Atkinson is to appear in a one-off film of the hit series which will run for a year at the Greenwich complex. With sidekick Baidrick (Tony Robinson), he will journey through history in a homemade time machine.

STARS George Michael, Robbie Williams, The Corrs, Pete Townshend and Bono have signed up for NetAid - set to be the Live Aid of 1999. The three-concert extravaganza, on October 9, aims to highlight world poverty. Organisers hope it will inspire music fans just like Live Aid in 1985.

NetAid takes place at London's Wembley Stadium, the Giants stadium in New York and the United Nations building, Geneva.

Flights

Proceeds will go to help refugees in Kosovo and the Sudan.

The BBC has won TV and radio rights in Britain. Organisers hope the global audience will top 1 billion.

The gigs will also be on Internet site NetAid. Others who have agreed to join the project include the Eurythmics, Jimmy Page, Wyclef Jean, Bush and The Counti ng Crows.

Details of the Wembley gig will be revealed on August 23, with tickets on sale the next day.



SPICE GIRL Emma Bunton has landed a big-bucks TV deal — presenting her own music show.

The singing superstar will host the weekly video slot, called simply Emma, from October. Baby Spice will be playing her favourite tunes from the past 20 years on the hour-long programme. The 23-year-old millionairess was snapped up by MTV's sister channel VH-1 after plans for her to star in a musical version of Sleeping Beauty collapsed.



Natural



And TV bosses were so impressed that they decided to commission a second series — before the first has even been aired. A VH-l insider says:

“Emma is an absolute natural in front of the camera. She is fantastic. “We knew she had a lot of experience from the Spice Girls, but she was great.

She could read the autocue and ad-lib like a pro.

“The second series of shows with Emma is already in the pipeline. She was made for this job.”



In addition to her TV talents, Baby has been keeping a few musical secrets from Spice fans.

Her all-star selections and dedications include the very first record she ever bought — Toni Basil's Hey Mickey.

Her musical tastes range

from Abba's Knowing Me Knowing You to the Aerosmith rocker I Don't Want To Miss A Thing.

Emma crammed filming for the five-part first series in between her packed recording schedule.

She is currently holed up in London's Abbey Road Studios with the rest of those Spice Girls, where they are recording their third album.

Baby's show hits our TV screens in October and is the centrepiece of VH-l's winter schedule.



Rock

Emma is the latest member of the chart-topping band to pursue interests away from the group since Geri Halliwell quit last year to follow a solo career.

Mel G has recorded a solo album which will be released next year; despite the disappointing sales of her last single, Word Up.

Mel C will play her first solo gig at the V99 rock festivals next weekend and her single Goin' Down comes out next month.

Posh Spice Victoria Adams is concentrating on being a wife and mother after her marriage to Manchester United ace David Beckham.



CORRIE star Saeed Jaffrey is being written out - weeks after getting drunk and thrown in police cells.

The 70-year-old actor, a stalwart of many classic films and TV dramas, will be seen in his last scenes in October. Coronation Street bosses last night played down the move and said: "The door will be left open for him to return."

But Saeed's wife Jennifer, who is also his agent, claimed she'd been warned that someone on the show "had it in for him". She said: "He is very disappointed. He gave up a lot of commitments to join the cast." The Daily Star revealed last month that whisky-loving Saeed - the first Indian member of the soap as corner shop owner Ravi Desai - was given a rollicking for getting boozed up on a train.

He pestered two women and was arrested at Stoke.., where he stripped in the police station before being put in a cell for the night

Saeed, who has been in such epics as Gandhi and A Passage To India, has been on holiday since. He had earlier fallen foul of soap chiefs by going to a cricket World Cup match when he was on standby for filming.

Jennifer claimed the train incident was "exaggerated" and the cricket hoo-ha was "a mix-up".

She added: "I've been told someone at Granada was out to get Saeed. It's most unfair"



BUSY Spice Girl Mel C is also set to perform at a music festival organised by Radio 1 in Manchester next month.

The event, which will also include a performance by indie stars Supergrass, is at Heaton Park on September 12.

It is part of an entire weekend in which the station will be broadcasting from the city, with DJs Zoe Ball, Chris Moyles, Simon Mayo, Jo Whiley and Steve Lamacq all heading North. Organisers are expecting huge demand for Radio 1 Live In Manchester following the success of last year's event in Cardiff.

Tickets will be given away through on-air promotions.

SIR Elton John has revealed that he feels partly to blame for the rift with his former manager John Reid.

But the singing superstar still thinks they will never speak again. "As far as I'm concerned, he doesn't exist any more, which is very sad," he told Sir David Frost in an interview due to be shown in America this weekend. Sir Elton dispensed with Reid's management services last year when their 28-year business relationship tuned sour amid allegations that Reid had stolen millions of pounds from the rock legend. Reid was also gay Sir Elton's first boyfriend during his years of success and excess in the 1970s.

Shock

In the frank interview, Sir Elton said: "I was partly to blame for this whole thing with John Reid because I never did an audit in 28 years, and when I did it was a shock. He was my first relationship and there was that element of trust, which is so necessary" 

Sir Elton, 52, also talked about his former drug problems. He laughed: "Clinically, I should be dead, but I have the constitution of an ox."

He also hit out at celebrities "wailing" about Press intrusion after the death of Diana, Princess of Wales, saying: "What they go through is nothing compared to what she had to go through."SPORTY SPICE will play her first solo gig next Thursday - at a nightclub which holds just 900 people.

Mel C has chosen The Leadmill in Sheffield, South Yorks, for the concert. It will act as a warm-up before she plays the V99 festival two days later.

A spokesman for the club says: "It should be a really exciting night. We're expecting a full house and we're delighted that she has chosen us for her first concert."

Mel C last appeared in Sheffield in September 1998 with the rest of the Spice Girls, who played two 40,000 sellout shows at the Don Valley Stadium.

The Leadmill spokesman added: 'The crowd is obviously going to be a lot smaller, but we're hoping for a good atmosphere.'

"She chose us because she wanted a nice, intimate venue with a bit of history before she appears at the V99 festival."

Scream

Mel C herself explains: "The other Mel has gone off and done solo stuff, so now it's my turn to have a bit of a scream and shout. The band and the set I am doing is very appropriate for the venue." Mel plays her first big solo concerts at the V99 festival - which is actually a double-helping of music, being held in Cbelmsford and Staffordshire on August 1 and 22.

This will be followed next month by the release of her debut single, Goin' Down, which Sporty Spice says was written soon after a love affair went wrong.

She admits: "Someone had sparked off quite a bit of emotion in me, so I decided to write the song to get them out of my system."

And she added cryptically: "I wrote it in Dublin earlier this year."



STARS, fans and royalty turned out in spectacular Force last night for Britain's first glimpse of Star Wars: The Phantom Menace.

Hundreds of fans besieged the Odeon Leicester Square to see many of the cast, including Ewan McGregor and Samuel L Jackson join Prince Charles to see the £60 million movie.

Princes Wills and Harry did NOT make it to the show.

One of the biggest cheers went up for gorgeous Natalie Portman who plays Princess Amidala.

Songbird

Dressed in a strapless silver top and a wrap-around skirt, she confessed: "It's so amazing to be here, we never get this much attention in the States."

"It was so exciting to do this film, it was a really great experience."

Among a host of stars from the pop world was Boyzone's Ronan Keating with his model wife Yvonne.

Teen songbird Billie Piper and boyfriend Richie Neville made their first public appearance together - Billie in a blue dress with a light slip underneath.

One of the movie's biggest stars Samuel L Jackson, greeted by rapturous cheers declared: "It's been awesome. It's like A new gathering of the force. The best memory I have is showing up on the first day and putting on my Jedi outfit and knowing that it was mine." He then joked: "Watching it made me feel like I needed to see more of myself on the screen."

Ewan McGregor who plays a young Obi Wan Kenobe also got a massive cheer. Dressed in a tartan kilt and black dinner jacket the star said: "It was great being a Jedi, it was real Boy's Own stuff."

But one star missing was Irish actor Liam Neeson who plays Jedi master Qi Gon Jinn.

Film '99 presenter Jonathan Ross arrived with his wife Jane Goldman, who looked great in a flowing scarlet dress. Tiny actor Kenny Baker who plays R2D2 turned up with pal Peter Mayhew who played Chewbacca in the first Star Wars film, urging fans: "You have to go in with an open mind."

The film, which goes on general release today, has already grossed $385 million in its first eight weeks in the US.
 
EASTENDERS star Craig Fairbrass quit the series because he reckoned his hardman character was starting to look like a "ballet dancer". The actor, whose character Dan Sullivan departs next week, told Now magazine that at first he loved playing the rat who two-timed Carol Jackson with her daughter Bianca. But after he was rude to Peggy Mitchell and got beaten up by her husband Frank. he decided to quit. "It was, 'Has Dan become a ballet dancer overnight?'" said Fairbrass.
STEPS scorcher Lisa Scott-Lee has hinted that she might be following in the footsteps of bandmates Lee Latchford-Evans and H - by posing nude.

The tasty brunette made the revelation on Channel 4's Big Breakfast show yesterday after the conversation turned to Lee's recent centre-spread for women's mag Cosmopolitan and H's naked shoot for a gay magazine.

Lisa, 24, and her fellow female Steps stars Faye Tozer and Claire Richards recently went a long way towards losing their squeaky-clean image by posing for a series of hot shots published in lads' mag FHM.

But while Faye and Claire told the Big Brekkie they would not be tempted to do a Full Monty, Lisa said: "I never say never." AAA can't wait ...

G WHIZZ! Even da Staines Massive would have to look twice before realising that this is not Ali G but smoothie This Morning host Richard Madeley.

Richard posed as the spoof rapper - complete with shell suit, goatee beard and gangsta lingo - for yesterday's show after viewers voted for him to have a celebrity makeover of his own.

While co-host and wife Judy Finnigan struggled to keep a straight face, posse leader Madeley told her: "I 'as some ideas here for Dis Morning. I would like to run some things past you."

"Why does you bother wid all these makeovers? Why don't you just get women who is fit to start with?"

After that, Judy told him she was not prepared to present the whole show with him acting as the character created by comedian Sacha Baron Cohen.

Richard responded in true Ali G style: "Is it because I is black?"

His bizarre new look followed a phone-in poll on the ITV show the day before, giving viewers the chance to vote on which of four celebrities he should try to copy. Other suggestions included Travis lead singer Fran Healy, footballer David Beckham or long-haired Changing Rooms style guru Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen.

But more than 50 per cent of those who voted said he should ditch his plain suits and hairstyle for a spot of Ali G chic. And if the viewers have their way, Richard may have to stay this way.

It seems some Staines just won't come out in the wash.
SIMPSONS mania is to hit Britain with a stage show featuring the "real" stars. The actors who provide the voices will read from classic scripts in Edinburgh and London in August, to mark the TV toon's 10th anniversary. They include Dan Castellaneta (Homer), Nancy Cartwright (Bart) and Hank Azaria (Moe the bartender).
TELLY'S stunning Miss Titley actress Amanda Holden - last night rapped the small screen for showing too much sex.

The Grimleys star, soon to be ogled in a nude bath scene in BBC1's Happy Birthday Shakespeare, fumed: "There's an awful lot of stuff on television that is unnecessary, without wanting to sound like my grandmother."

She singled out the Robson Green ITV drama The Last Musketeer for its topless scene which added nothing to the plot.

Amanda, 28, wife of Family Fortunes host Les Dennis, added: "It's just typical of directors that they think the public want to see that sort of thing. It's better left to hands, faces and noises."

Next month Amanda will be seen in a seven-part drama Hearts And Bones alongside Dervla Kirwan and The Full Monty's Hugo Speer. "There are a couple of scenes that involve sex in that show but they focus on the faces. It's much more interesting than arses and chests," she said.

Amanda, who has posed in her underwear for a men's magazine and in stockings and suspenders for The Grimleys, added: "They should leave it to people's imaginations." She said she now felt she had to stand up and argue that shows do not need such raunchy scenes. And she pointed out the extent of flesh displayed for her bath scene being screened on Easter Sunday, had been exaggerated. She said: "I keep reading articles about my first nude scene. I have bubbles up to my chin and I had a bikini on."

In Hearts And Bones, beginning in May, she plays one of a group of friends from Coventry who make new lives in London.

SCARY SPICE is battling it out with Denise Van Outen to become the most outrageous flirt on the box.

Mel G's new BBC show, Pure Naughty hits our screens this weekend - and she'll be pulling out all the stops to make sure it beats her rival TV babe. The 24-year-old Spice Girl promises that her show will live up to its saucy title and give Denise's Friday night Channel 4 offering, Something For The Weekend, a run for its money.

To add spice to her soul music and chat show, Mel has invited showbiz hunks she fancies to join her on the couch. And she'll will be whipping out her favourite hits.

"I made a list of people I wanted to meet," she says. "I really want to get Method Man on there and hopefully I can get Dru Hill on, too, because I'm going to work with them on my new album".

"There might be some cheekiness - I'm not exactly as straight as a die."

"The show's gonna have a bit of fun and a bit of whatnot."

Although she might have the hots for some of her guests, including Hollywood heart-throb Wesley Snipes, Mel says it's a case of look, but don't touch.

"You can window shop when you are married, but you just can't buy," she says. "I'm happily married, but everyone looks. I think you'd be repressed if you didn't look."

Although the other Spice Girls are not involved in the show, Mel says she'll let them watch from behind the sofa.

And despite her telly work and many other commitments, Mel insists that her top priority is still being in the group.

"For all of us, the one thing that dominates our lives is the Spice Girls," she says. "But we do have time off to do our own thing."

She also dismissed rumours that she earned £6million a year through being in the band as "totally wrong".

Mel is being Pure Naughty on BBC2 on Sunday at 12.30 pm.
NEW Punky Spice Mel C last night launched her solo world tour by accusing Oasis wild man Liam Gallagher of being a wimp.

Mel made the shocking comments before her first ever gig in her home town Liverpool at the Royal Court last night. She said: "I think Liam's scared of me."

True to her image as Sporty Spice she wore the away kit of her beloved Liverpool FC and later revealed she wants to do a duet with Tom Jones.

But the 25-year-old singer said that her real dream was to work with superstar Madonna.

But she also confessed that she'd been working with her own mother, also a singer, and wouldn't rule out the possibility of recording together. The sexy star confessed she still hadn't met the man of her dreams, but again insisted she was not a lesbian.

Mel looked chuffed to be back in her home town again. But the Spice Girl was almost forced to cancel her big night when she was struck down with a sore throat.

Mel's rocking debut solo single Goin' Down was released yesterday and is tipped to hit the top 10 this weekend.
BBC chiefs were fuming last night after top secret plans for a fourth weekly episode of EastEnders leaked out.

Top brass had been putting together proposals for the ratings-grabbing extra instalment of the top soap.

They see it as a vital weapon in the bitter ratings war with ITV's Coronation Street - which already goes out four times.

And they've been working out where the cash will come from.

The plans had been blocked by director-general John Birt but have been reactivated by the arrival of his successor Greg Dyke. He's believed to be in favour - even though the extra episode could cost the BBC at least £l5million a year.

It would place a big strain on the existing cast - who'd seek massive pay rises. And new stars would have to be recruited.

EastEnders is screened on Monday, Tuesday and Thursday nights, and a fourth episode is predicted for the weekend.

Extra cash for EastEnders would spark war with other parts of the Beeb - in particular more creative drama - which is why the plan was kept secret.

According to the trade journal Broadcast, drama chiefs and BBC1 controller Peter Salman have put the fourth episode back on the top of their agenda.

The magazine wrote: "The arrival of new director general Greg Dyke is believed to have put the initiative back on the agenda.

"John Birt is said to have opposed any additional regular episodes in the past." Coronation Street has had a fourth episode for the past four years - but helped pay for it with a huge sponsorship deal with Cadbury's worth more than £10m.

Sources claimed BBC chiefs were annoyed that news of the plans were leaked and official spokesmen were trying to play down the story. Drama series and serials commissioner Alan Ayres said: "We've no plans to introduce a fourth episode of EastEnders."

OASIS rocker Noel Gallagher watched wife Meg give birth to daughter Anais yesterday ... then went straight to the pub.

Thrilled Noel, 33, said: "The baby was born at 1.17 pm - and I was having a pint at 2.17 pm. It would have been 1.18 pm but they had to change a barrel first!"

Noel, whose new single is aptly called Go Let It Out, added: "After the birth the family were drinking champagne upstairs. But I don't like it, I'd rather have a pint of Guinness. I thought it was a great oversight of the hospital not to serve Guinness."

As he enjoyed his pint and a B&H fag in the pub across the road, he added: "Meg doesn't even look like she's had a baby. She's not really been in labour - more like New Labour."
ROCK hardman Noel Gallagher last night admitted he was reduced to floods of tears at the birth of his 7lb 6oz daughter Anais.

His brother Liam, who also recently became a dad, said: "It's mega, innit" when Noel told bun he had a niece.

Noel said: "I cried ... but when I told Liam he just shouted very loudly, 'It's f**kin' mega, innit'."

"I feel really great, overjoyed and over the moon. And my mum Peggy's really pleased because this is the first girl in the family."

Noel explained: "We've called her Anais because Anais Nin is the favourite author of Meg's mother.

"I haven't actually read any of her books myself, but I have heard that they are rather racy When asked whether he had read any books or magazines on bringing up kids, he replied, laughing: "Yeah - Viz."

And, reliving the magical moment of Anais' birth, he said: "I felt that I was quite calm throughout.

"But I cried a lot. It was really brilliant."

"Meg wasn't screaming and shouting, she was very composed."

"She was concentrating on what the doctor was saying. It was really stress-free."

"I've pulled my mother up about it as she has made out all these years how difficult it was to give birth. She's obviously been lying to me."

"The doctor said it was one of the easiest births she has been involved in."

"At the moment the baby arrived, what did I feel? I felt relieved as Meg was fine and everything was OK."

"Anais has blonde hair and blue eyes. She's doing very, very well and she's doing a lot of screaming and shouting at the moment."

Noel was with Meg throughout her three-hour labour at the private Portland Hospital in Paddington. London. Meg was booked into a luxury hotel near the hospital as the date of the birth approached.

She went into labour at 9.30 in the morning and the baby was delivered at 1.17 pm.

Noel added that the birth was so easy he and Meg were now considering having two more children.

He said: "Meg figures that since she has started to have children she might as well have a couple more."

And the elated rock star joked with reporters that being a dad might just calm him a little. He said: "I don't think it will change me too much. I feel quite cool about it. But it will probably bring out my feminine side!"

He added: "There are no middle names and no godparents - that's just our decision."

Before the birth Noel had joked that if it was a girl he would call her Fanny and if it was a boy - Willy. He sensibly changed his mind.

And Noel revealed that Anais was heaven scent, having been conceived in a chateau owned by perfume giant Christian Dior.

He went on: "Meg's been sitting up talking and drinking champagne.

"She's absolutely fine and looking amazing - fantastic - but she will be in for a few days."

"Liam is rehearsing but he will be paying a visit once Meg is ready to see people."

"She feels great and she'll stay in the hospital overnight and come out tomorrow or the day after."

"I'm going to stay with her in the hospital to be with her at this time." Last night Liam revealed he would leave Noel and Meg to enjoy their baby and wait at least a couple of days before seeing his niece.

As he arrived back at his home in Primrose Hill in a black cab, he joked with reporters about the latest addition to the Gallagher family.

He laughed: "What baby? Has he had it yet?"

But he smiled and added: "I think it is amazing". When asked whether he was looking forward to celebrating with his brother, he said: "It is their baby and it is for them to celebrate first.

"I will be going to see it in a couple of days and am really looking forward to celebrating with them then."

Noel and wife Meg are the latest in a string of celebrities to choose an unusual name for their offspring.

The name Anais is by tradition a French Christian name, derived from the Greek meaning 'fruitful'.

It is probably best known in this country as the name of the perfume Anais Anais.

Liam and his wife Patsy named their child Lennon, after the Oasis singer's idol John Lennon.

But perhaps the most notable of recent arrivals is Brooklyn Beckham, child of Manchester United star David Beckham and wife Posh Spice. He is named after his place of conception.

Spice Girl Mel B, recently spilt from her husband Jimmy Gulzar, named her daughter Phoenix Chi.

Meanwhile, TV presenter Jonathan Ross, known for his parental devotion, named his children Honey Kinney, Harvey Kirby and Betty Kitten.

Singer Madonna decided to call her baby Lourdes, while American screen beauty Demi Moore chose Rumer for her daughter.

Other unusual names are Maia Rose, given to the baby of former EastEnders star Michelle Collins - and Michael Jackson's baby Prince.
POSH Spice Victoria Beckham WAS worried about losing so much weight that she went to her doctors, she reveals tonight.

On Michael Parkinson's BBC1 show she admits: "They just said it's something that happens sometimes when you have children." Posh says speculation she might have bulimia made her so paranoid she was left bursting to go to the loo after dinner recently "because people are going to think you're throwing up".
JOHNNY Depp looks like he's dropping a hint to any producer thinking of making a film about Che Guevara.

At the star-studded premiere of his new film Sleepy Hollow, the 36-year-old one-time Hollywood hellraiser's tatty outfit reminded fans of the Cuban revolutionary, who was executed in 1967 after being caught in Bolivia.

All it would need is a beret instead of his woolly hat, and Johnny would look the part.

OASIS'S Be Here Now has topped a chart as the least wanted album of last year just two months after Noel Gallagher admitted there were only three decent songs on it.

The album was 1997s fastest seller, but last year became the record most sold to second hand shops. Oasis beat off K by the now defunct Kulashaker and Spiders by Scouse band Space for the dubious top spot in the survey compiled by music mag Melody Maker.

POSH Spice proves she is as good as husband David Beckham at putting the boot in. . . by launching a scathing attack on Naomi Campbell.

Victoria lays into the supermodel during her debut as a chat show host on Channel 4.

In Victoria Secrets - being screened next week - the 24-year-old Spice Girl says the black beauty is "a complete bitch".

Victoria slags off Naomi while on her way to interview designer Valentino and adds: "We are going to see Val".

"I'm going to ask him if Naomi Campbell really is a complete bitch because every time I have met her she has been a complete bitch. She is a massive cow." The bad-feeling between Posh and Campbell dates from a run-in last spring. According to sources Naomi went up to Victoria and asked: "Hello, why exactly are you called Posh Spice?"

Posh replied: "That's rich coming from you."

LITTLE Helen Flanagan was celebrating yesterday after beating off dozens of young hopefuls to win the part of Coronation Street's Rosie Webster. Helen, nine, from Bolton, will step into the shoes of Emma Collinge as Sally and Kevin's eldest on January 23.

The new star, pictured with new	screen mum Sally Whittaker, said she was delighted to have been chosen for the part, and added: "I'm thrilled to be working with such kind people."

BRIDE-TO-be Catherine Zeta Jones was celebrating again yesterday after signing a multi million-pound deal to make up to 12 movies. The Welsh star engaged to Oscar winner Michael Douglas will also be involved in the films' production.

SIR CLIFF Richard hasn't a prayer of being Number One at Christmas.

The pop knight's hit song is now 3,000 sales behind Wesflife's offering after three weeks clinging to the top slot. Boyband Westlife, currently the bookies' favourites, sold 39,754 copies of their double A-sided single I Have A Dream/Seasons In The Sun on its first day.

The Dancing Hamsters and the late John Lennon are also nibbling at the heels of the 59-year-old chart veteran.

Despite being branded "vile" by George Michael and a "rip-off" by Spice Girl Mel C, Cliff's Millennium Prayer has still sold 36,491 this week.

It is banned by most radio stations yet has shifted more than 550,000 copies in four weeks.

Lennon's offering Imagine, the bookies' fourth favourite, is doing well at No 3 after selling 32,975. Surprisingly, heavily-hyped

novelty record Cognoscenti Vs Intelligentsia, also known as the Dancing Hamsters, hasn't taken off too well with just 20,000 copies sold.

And charity record It's Only Rock 'n' Roll, which features a host of stars, has done even worse, selling only 6,577 copies.



That puts it at No 18 in the midweek listings. Gennaro Castalado of music giants HMV told the Daily Star: "The No 1 slot is too close to call. It seems Westlife are the ones likely to stop Cliff."

Meanwhile the veteran singer has found unlikely support from former hellraiser Ozzy Osbourne. The Black Sabbath frontman, famed for his Satanic stage shows, said devout Christian Sir Cliff should be allowed to sing whatever he wants.

He said: "He gives pleasure to people. No age limit on that."



PAUL MCCARTNEY last night made a triumphant return to the tiny underground club which put him on the road to fame.

Macca performed a sweaty set in front of just 200 at Liverpool's legendary Cavern Club, declaring: "it's good to be back."

As he prepared to go on stage he told Access All Areas: "Well I'm here and it's fantastically exciting. It's brilliant to be back. Obviously I'm here to promote my rock and roll album but we are also charging towards a new Millennium and what better way to rock out the century."

"This is where it all began. The Beatles were an absolutely fabulous rock and roll band. That's what held us together and the Cavern is part of that. I'm back here because I love Liverpool and I love this club."

Macca with his group of fine rock and roll veterans entertained the crowd with a string of classic hits including The Beatles' I Saw Her Standing There.

Just 150 of those inside were lucky souls who had won their tickets through a fans' lottery.

For those who could not make it into the dub the gig was screened live in nearby Chavasse Park where 15,000 huddled to see their hero and countless more watched the performance on the Internet.

Sir Paul's first return to the Cavern in more than 30 years bares a stark contrast to the kind of gig he is used to.

He holds the world record for the biggest stadium show in history when he performed in front of 180,000 at Rio's Maracana Stadium.

But the Cavern was where his rock career started with the Quarrymen on January 24, 1958.

And his Beatles concerts between 1961 and 1963 have become legendary He added: "Before the Beatles ever got big we started out playing rock and roll at the Cavern. I came back as a nod to the music that has always and will always thrill me."

The concert was aired last night on Radio 2 and goes out tonight on BBC 1 at 11.15. Footage was also beamed to 24 other countries including the US, Japan, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Brazil and Russia.

Sir Paul's band was made up of Pink Floyd legend Dave Gilmour and former Pirate Mick Green on guitars with Deep Purple's Ian Paice on drums and Pete Wingfield on keyboards.

Special guest Chris Hall was drafted in to play accordian on one of the songs.



A PANTO was blasted last night for encouraging young children to shout "Viagra" during the show.

Morals campaigner Mary Whitehouse said it was corrupting innocent children.

OH, NO IT ISN'T, hit back comedian Roy Hudd, who wrote the script.

"There's nothing naughty in it."

OH, YES THERE IS, says Mrs Whitehouse.

She called for bosses of the Theatre Royal in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, to remove the "unnecessary smut" from Jack And The Beanstalk. "This production has gone too far by using the word Viagra," she said. "This is teaching children ways of talking they don't need at that age."

Viagra is used as a magic word shouted by the audience to raise the castle gates after "Open Sesame" and "Abracadabra" fail.

One woman who saw the panto said: "It's distasteful and unnecessary."

But comic Roy said he was amazed at the criticism. "It's only people like Mary Whitehouse who see something naughty in it."

And Tony Hare, Roy's co-writer on Radio Four's News Huddlines, said: "Mums and dads take their children to see these shows and there has to be one or two gags for them. I can't believe the fuss. I think it's a really funny visual gag. It got a lot of laughs." 

The theatre's marketing boss Matthew Sanders said that he would investigate any complaints made to the theatre. "I would be concerned if anyone was offended," he said.

Teacher Myra Shackleton, who took 60 pupils aged eight and nine from East Bergholt primary school to the panto, said the V-word went over the heads of the kids.

"A lot of them thought the word was 'Niagara' and shouted that instead of 'Viagra'," she said.

The castle gates still opened - which could prove alternative medicine does work.

