NOEL Edmonds yesterday announced he is quitting the BBC - because he no longer finds their shows "stimulating."

The ex-Noel's House Party host, who is walking out after 30 years, said he did not rule out a TV comeback if the right offer came along.

His spokesman said: "He is only 50 and has a lot of life left in him."

CORONATION Street temptress Tracy Shaw was committed to a mental hospital in her battle with anorexia, she revealed yesterday.

Stunning Tracy, 26, who plays crimper Maxine in the show, also considered suicide as her weight plummeted to just six stone.

In a frank TV interview she said: ' I had to go to hospital in the end. I was sectioned, and once I was in there I was in there. Being put into a psychiatric ward with people with long-term mental illness and who are shaking with the drugs they are taking, there's no way that you can go in and feel normal and be OK with yourself.'

Brave Tracy talked openly about wanting to end her life after hearing the story of another anorexic, Amanda, on ITV's That's Esther show.

Curvy

Presenter Esther Rantzen asked: "Did you ever get as low as Amanda? Did you ever feel like killing yourself?"

Tracy replied: "Yeah, yeah. A few times. That's what made me think I had to go into hospital because I had to get some help."

She finally won her battle with the help of private counselling sessions.

Tracy, now a curvy size 12, said: "When you have anorexia you don't think of yourself as a sexual being. I'm happy now with how I look. I'm in control." 

She struggled with the disease during the final year of her drama degree in 1995.







Settled

	Then two years ago her weight plunged again — to five stone.

	But now she says she is happy again and planning to help other sufferers.

	In the soap Maxine is happily settled with butcher Ashley Peacock who she is due to marry.

	Tracy's love life has been more turbulent — she was engaged to telly star Darren Day and has dated Manchester United

striker Dwight Yorke.

BONEHEAD sensationally walked out on Oasis last night - plunging the band into turmoil.

The balding guitarist has always acted as the band's peacemaker, stepping in to break up fights between the Gallagher brothers.

But yesterday the 34-year-old - dubbed the "Uncle of Oasis" because of his ability to keep the group together - finally admitted he no longer sees eye to eye with Liam and Noel.

In a statement leaked to Bizarre, pictured above, he revealed he wants to spend more time with his wife Kate and toddlers Jude, two, and Lucy, four. The decision was made after a meeting between Noel and Bonehead yesterday.

Bonehead - real name Paul Arthurs - said: "After a lot of consideration I have decided to call it a day with Oasis.I have had eight fantastic years in one of the best bands ever to come out of Britain and now feel I have come to the stage where I'd like to concentrate on other things in my life." The statement goes on to wish everyone in Oasis every success with the next album.

It concludes: "I would like to thank the band and everyone around it, especially the fans, for making it so special. See you at the next show!"

Tension

Bonehead will not be replaced, except by a session musician during live gigs.

It is believed tension mounted between Bonehead and the Gallaghers because he is seen as an outsider. He refused to move from his native Manchester to London when the band hit the big time.

He is currently spending £500,000 of his £5million Oasis fortune on having a recording studio built in his mansion at Bowden, Cheshire. Added to that is the fact that he supports Manchester United while the Gallaghers are avid City fans.

Tempers frayed in France earlier this summer where the band were recording their fourth album and Bonehead returned home early.

Because he had completed all the guitar work, he will get royalties for the record which is released next year.

I HEAR All Saints' Nicole Appleton goes TOPLESS in her new movie.

In the film Honest, Nicole plays one of three sisters who pull off daring raids in Sixties' London.

Fellow All Saints, her sister Natalie and Melanie Blatt also star.

Natalie let her sister's secret slip when she was quizzed by DJ Simon Mayo on Radio 1 yesterday. She revealed: "OK - Nic gets her t**s out."

ANGIE was back in the arms of Dirty Den yesterday — as the pair were pictured together for the first time since their EastEnders days ten years ago.

Leslie Grantham and Anita Dobson, whose soap marriage battles wowed millions, are playing husband and wife on screen again.

Leslie, 52, stars as crook Terry Green and Anita, 50, is his long-suffering wife Sam in The Stretch.

The four-part drama will be screened on Sky Premier next year. Leslie, who played the Queen Vic's landlord, said: "TV companies have been trying to get us together again for years. Now the time is right".

Anita - former lover of Queen rocker Brian May, 51 - said: "It wasn't until I left EastEnders that I realised how much people loved us. Sam is more together than Angle. But when Terry is arrested everything seems under threat."

THE BBC unveiled its £195million autumn TV line-up yesterday, with starring roles for David Jason and French and Saunders.

Only Fools And Horses legend David heads the cast of First World War drama All The King's Men, based on the actual disappearance of an infantry company at Gallipoli. Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders appear together in a BBC1 sitcom after winning millions of fans individually In The Vicar of Dibley and Absolutely Fabulous.

Their new romp Let Them Eat Cake Is described as "murder, scandal and lots of rumpo with mad aristocrats in the court of Louis XVI." 

The other major new comedy is Starting Out, by Birds Of A Feather creators Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran. Drama highlights include Warriors, starring heart-throb loan Gruffudd - about the Bosnian conflict - and Pure Wickedness, a Lucy Gannon series on adultery featuring Kevin Whately.

Remaining episodes of Jill Dando's Antiques Inspectors will be shown - the first went out the night before she was killed In April. And Michael Palin travels the world again, this time in the footsteps of Ernest Hemingway.

BBC1 controller Peter Salmon claimed the package justified the licence fee AND making digital viewers pay a controversial £24 levy.


 
TOP TV comedian Harry Enfield stunned the BBC last night by switching to Sky in a £1million deal. Harry, 38 - who created classic characters like Loadsamoney - was the Beeb's No1 comic talent.

His departure is a huge blow to BBC chiefs, still reeling from the loss of Des Lynam and Ross Kemp.

The star will play a string of wacky new characters - and viewers will help to create them.

His new TV series is called The People's Harry Enfield and will be screened on Sky Premier.

Comic Harry is the man behind a thousand faces, creating hilarious characters like Stavros, Tory Boy, Mr Cholmondley-Warner, Tim Nice-But-Dim, Kevin the Teenager and Wayne Slob.

But his new show, being produced by award-winning company Tiger Aspect, promises to be different.

Members of the public will be asked to help create a selection of new characters.

Harry, who once survived on £40-a-week, was last night celebrating his deal with wife Lucy and children Archie, two, and Poppy, three months.

Harry said: "The People's Harry Enfield will be a truly new way forward for sketch comedy. I have been looking for something that really challenges me and Sky Premier are giving me the platform and creative freedom to make this unique idea come to life. It's not just about loadsamoney."

Sky's Elizabeth Murdoch said: "We are honoured to have a comic talent as admired and respected as Harry Enfield as part of the Sky family."

Sky's swoop for Harry stunned Beeb bosses - and came on the very day that BBC1 controller Peter Salmon blasted other channels for poaching its stars. A highly-placed TV source said: "This has come from nowhere. It is a massive coup. The BBC will be licking their wounds."

Harry began his career as a stand-up comic before appearing on Channel 4's Friday Night Live in 1988. He was poached by the BBC in an £80,000 deal in 1990, and has won a string of awards.

Last year he featured as The Rev A.R.P Blair, John Prescott, Frank Dobson, Gordon Brown and Robin Cook in politicial spoof The Sermon From St Albions.



THERE'S Some-thin different about luscious Liz Hurley as she arrives at a West End film premiere last night. Liz, 34 - once famed for her curves - looked a shadow of her old self after shedding several pounds. One onlooker said: "Liz looked pretty, but I couldn't believe how skinny she was."

NOEL GALLAGHER has been typically blunt about the departure of Bonehead from Oasis and admitted: "It's hardly Paul McCartney leaving the Beatles."

Noel yesterday claimed that the guitarist left the group in March after HE "let him go."

He told me: "He's gone. He left in March. He wanted to spend more time with his family. He has two kids up in Manchester and wanted to be with them so we let him go."

"It's hardly Paul McCartney leaving the Beatles.. It happens, things happen."

"He did his thing for the new record but that's that. Now we have to find another guitarist. We should finish mixing the album in about three weeks time but we're not touring until next year, so there's no rush to find a new guitarist just yet."

His brother Liam, sporting what can only be described as comedy sideburns, refused to comment on Bonehead's departure as he and six-months pregnant wife Patsy Kensit left their North London home.

But Bonehead is adamant he has no regrets over quitting the band. Speaking exclusively to Bizarre at his luxury mansion in Manchester yesterday, he said: "Liam and Noel were very cool about it - I think they were a bit shocked but there's no problem between us. I've just got other things I want to do."

Bonehead - real name Paul Arthurs - added: "The bottom line is I want to spend more time with my family and see my kids grow up. I might go and see them in concert one day as a fan but I'm happy with the decision."

A relaxed-looking Bonehead then went for a spin in his new antique Aston Martin DB6.

He is believed to have left the group shortly after finishing work on the band's fourth album in a chateau in southern France. He missed his children Jude, two, and Lucy, four, desperately while on the Continent. He is so keen on spending more time with his family that he is building a recording studio at his home in Bowden, Cheshire.

The guitarist - dubbed the "Uncle of Oasis" because of his ability to act as peacemaker between the Gallagher brothers - stunned fans with his bombshell announcement. It is believed Oasis will not replace him with a permanent guitarist, bringing in session players instead.

Ex-Smiths star Johnny Marr and former Stone Roses man Aziz Ibrahim have been mentioned, along with Noel's pal Paul Stacey.

Bonehead is the only member of Oasis other than Noel to have one of his songs released. His song Bonehead's Bank Holiday was a bonus track on the vinyl version of (What's The Story) Morning Glory?

Ironically, it features the line: "You know I need a little break, to get away for a holiday". How apt!



SKY Television has scooped the rights to screen the Blackadder movie before the BBC.

The Beeb, which showed the original four series, was sidelined by a £4million deal. And jubilant bosses at the satellite giant last night announced viewers would see Time for Blackadder in 2001.

It reunites Rowan Atkinson and Tony Robinson as they travel through history in Baldrick's time machine. Stephen Fry, Hugh Laurie and Rik Mayall are among the other stars.

The film, written by Ben Elton and Notting Hill creator Richard Curtis, will premiere at the Millennium Dome.

A Beeb spokeswoman said they will screen the film - but after Sky.

ROBBIE WILLIAMS, George Michael and The Corrs will top the bill at the biggest charity show since Live Aid.

They are joining a host of other stars for the global concert called NetAid which will be broadcast on the Internet, radio and TV.

Organisers hope NetAid - featuring three shows at Wembley Stadium, New York and Geneva, Switzerland - will pull in an audience of more than ONE BILLION.

It has been organised by the United Nations to raise cash for Kosovan refugees and debt-ridden African countries.

Organisers say audiences for the October 9 concerts could top the 1.4 billion people who tuned into Live Aid's two linked gigs at Wembley and Philadelphia in 1985.

The artists already lined up include Bush, Counting Crows, the Eurythmics, Jewel, Michael Kamen and his orchestra, Led Zep's Jimmy Page, The Who's Pete Townshend, Fugees star Wyclef Jean and U2's Bono.

Robbie Williams and George Michael will both play solo sets at Wembley.

Celine Dion, David Bowie and Sheryl Crow have also been asked to play.

Promoter Harvey Goldsmith, the man behind Live Aid, hopes the shows will inspire fans to help as much as his concerts for Ethiopia did 14 years ago.

Live Aid raised more than £140million for the famine-wracked nation.

But Goldsmith believes ticket receipts and donations from NetAid will easily top that figure.

He told me: "This is a fantastic line-up of artists all of whom have committed to our cause of eradicating extreme poverty."

"Bono has lined himself up after doing a huge amount of work with Third World debt."

"The Eurythmics are well known for issues with human rights. Robbie Williams is a UNICEF ambassador on children's issues and George Michael is passionate about the refugee issue."

"All the acts have a personal interest in this project."

The gig is being organised by the United Nations Development Programme and leading Internet company Cisco Systems.

Tickets for the Wembley gig start at £35 and will go on sale on August 24.

The gigs will also be broadcast on BBC television and radio.
BABY Spice Emma Bunton is to front a show featuring hits of the past 20 years for satellite and

cable music channel VH1.

CORONATION Street star Saeed Jaffrsy is being written out of the hit soap, it was revealed last night.

Saeed, 70, who plays corner shop owner Ravi Desai, will leave in the autumn.

A Granada spokesman said: "There will be a very definite storyline which will take him away from Weatherfield - he won't just disappear."

But he added: "The door will be left open for him to return."

Street bosses insisted their decision had nothing to do with the actor's arrest for being drunk on a train last month.

Saeed and his screen kids Vikram and Nita became the first Asian family in the Street when they took over Fred Elliott's corner shop.

POSH Spice may be heading for Hollywood but her pal Mel C is going to Sheffield.

Sporty is to play her debut solo gig at a secret venue next Thursday.

Well, secret until now! I can reveal she will be at the city's Leadmill as a warm-up for her appearance at the V99 festival in Chelmsford, Essex, two days later.

She said: "The other Mel has gone off and done solo stuff, now it's time for me to shout and scream. I hope all the other Spices are going to be there to support me - they've been behind me all the way."

"To be honest I'm s****ing myself - I'm that scared."

Met even hinted that Bryan Adams - they have duetted When You're Gone - may be on hand to do a sing with her at the gig.

Meanwhile. Sporty has turned to Madonna's producer William Orbit to work on tracks on her first solo album.

Other contributors include the Sex Pistols' Steve Jones and Left Eye from U.S. girlband TLC.

IT'S Obi-Clan Kenobi! Heart-throb Ewan McGregor looks out of this world in a kilt at the premiere of the new Star Wars film last night.

Ewan, 28 - Obi-Wan Kenobi in The Phantom Menace - joined ten-year-old co-star Jake Lloyd at the event in London's Leicester Square, attended by Prince Charles. And as Charles might say:

"Obi-Wan really enjoyed Wan-self."

THE new Star Wars movie got its Royal premiere last night - as a galaxy of stars flocked to see it with Prince Charles.

More than 5,000 fans of the sci-fi saga about Jedi Knights packed London's Leicester Square for the film's British launch.

Fleets of limos brought Central London to a standstill as celebrity guests headed for the Odeon cinema.

Star Wars director George Lucas, 55, and actor Ewan McGregor, 28 - who plays Obi-Wan Kenobi - got the biggest cheer from fans, many dressed as Darth Vader. The heart-throb actor arrived in a kilt. With him were his wife Eve and stunning actress Natalie Portman, 18, who plays Queen Amidala in the blockbuster.

Samuel L Jackson, 50, the film's Mace Windu, was also there - as was Jake Lloyd, ten, who plays Anakin Skywalker, the young Darth Vader. They were joined by Ahmed Best, who does the voice for alien Jar Jar Binks.

Lucas revealed:	"We are already working on clips for the next film - and will be starting filming next June."

The guest list included Boyzone's Ronan Keating - along with telly's Jamie Theakston and his girlfriend Beverley Turner. Singer Billie, 16, her slip showing under a see-through dress, made her first public appearance with sweetheart Richie, of boy band Five.

Jonathan Ross was with wife Jane, who had a scarlet dress and bright red hairdo. After the screening, stars headed for a £400,000 party.

The Phantom Menace is set to overtake Titanic as the top-grossing film ever. U.S. takings are already £240million. Last night Star Wars fanatics camped out at cinemas up and down Britain.

Among the first to arrive for the premiere was 3ft Kenny Baker, who has played robot R2-D2 in all four films.

He was with Chewbacca Peter Mayhew - who is 4ft taller - Anthony Daniels - robot C3PO - joined them.

Onlookers included Lennie Stuart, 83, of Croydon, Surrey. He said "I'm getting on a bit but I still enjoy a good film."



THOMAS The Tank Engine is being made into a blockbuster movie.

Actor Alec Baldwin will play Mr Conductor, a new character specially created for Thomas And The Magic Railroad. Easy Rider star Peter Fonda will play Grandpa Burnett Stone.

Filming starts next month on the Isle of Man and the movie comes out next year.

Britt Allcroft, creator of Thomas The Tank Engine on TV, said last night: "I am delighted that Alec and Peter will bring these special characters to life in our first Thomas feature film."

LIAM Gallagher and Patsy Kensit are selling their home triggering fears their marriage is over.

The fiery Oasis star 27, and his 32-year-old wife want £1.5 million for the London townhouse.

Pals reckon the move marks the end of the pair's stormy three-year marriage - actress Patsy's third - following a string of rows.
PALS of Liam Gallagher were rocked last night to learn his house is up for sale - because he loves it so much.

They say the fiery Oasis star is upset at the prospect of leaving.

And they are convinced the only reason for the sale is that he is finally splitting from depressed wife Patsy Kensit.

The luxurious townhouse in Primrose Hill, North London, has been Liam's pride and joy since he and Patsy bought it for £1.2million two years ago.

Soon after moving in, the 27-old-singer said: 'It's wicked, man - seven bedrooms, all old English oak.'

He has since spent a fortune doing it up for himself, actress Patsy, 32, and their eight-month-old son Lennon.

Liam, whose hits include Wonderwall, All Around The World and Go Let It Out, has his own cherished den. And the Victorian semi has become a mecca for Oasis fans, who have covered its garden walls in devoted graffiti.

But local estate agents Aston Chase have been instructed to put the property up for sale this week at £1.5million. And three-times-wed Patsy who also has an eight-year-old son, James - is looking for a new place while Liam continues Oasis's world tour in Paris.

The pair have been plagued by rows and long spells apart during their shaky three-year marriage. But even so, friends were taken aback by their decision to sell up.

A source close to them said: 'We're all surprised the house is on the market because it's perfect. It's exactly how Liam and Patsy wanted it.'

'Liam is always on about it and it holds lots of memories.' The source added: 'No one is sure what's going on but Patsy is very down. She's looking around but no one knows who is going to live where.'

Patsy, who has a bolthole flat in Bayswater, West London, was admitted to a clinic last month after bouts of depression and and anxiety. Friends said she had been emotionally drained by her marriage to Liam.

And she was angered byrumours of the singer's friendship with designer Ivy "Supersonic" Silverstein, 32.

Patsy's previous marriage to Big Audio Dynamite star Dan Donovan and Simple Minds singer Jim Kerr, James' dad, ended in divorce. Liam fell out last month with brother Noel, who then quit Oasis' tour.
RICHARD MADELEY transformed himself into Ali G on This Morning yesterday - after I urged him to update his boring hairstyle.

The game-for-a-laugh TV star donned a Tommy Hilfiger hat, yellow shell suit and wrap-around shades - and even talked gangsta style.

When his wife and co-host Judy told him she wasn't prepared to present the whole programme with him dressed as Ali - brainchild of comic Sacha Baron Cohen - Richard replied: 'Is it because I is black?'

Richard presented the opening segment of This Morning in his new gear and rang me afterwards to say he loved my Have It Off Richard campaign on Saturday, in which I urged him to change his haircut of ten years.

He said: 'Judy fancies me like this and I reckon I'll be wearing it in the bedroom - she thinks I look sexy.

'I thought your story was hysterical. My children Jack and Chloe loved it, although Jack thought I should go for the Fran from Travis haircut.

'I won't be adopting this look permanently, though, because a lot of the viewers like me the way I am.'

More than 4,000 fans rang the show to cast their vote on whether Richard should opt for Ali G chic as opposed to the styles of Travis singer Fran Healy, footballer David Beckham and long-haired Changing Rooms guru Laurence Llewelyn-Bowen.

While I was hoping Richard would change his image for good, he has promised to trim his fly-away locks ... I'm waiting.
TELLY beauty Amanda Holden reckons there's too much sex on the box. Amanda, who STRIPPED down to her underwear in the Grimleys says BBC and ITV viewers prefer to see actors' faces. The 29-year-old who once rode NUDE through Bournemouth on a motorbike before she became famous, said: "An awful lot of stuff on TV is unnecessary."

MICK JAGGER was left red-faced after a dog peed on his foot during a recording session. The offending mutt belonged to producer Arthur Baker, who says: "It wasn't really the dog's fault. The poor thing needed to go and crept into the studio when someone opened the door. Mick went crazy, shouting, 'Out! Just get out!' at the dog." 

I've also learned Mick is teaming up with director Martin Scorsese to film a no-holds barred music business exposé. The Rolling Stone will co-write The Long Play with Scorsese, based on his experiences.
EAMONN is to take over next month as host of the BBC's midweek lottery show. The programme on Wednesdays is being relaunched as a quiz.
GAIL PORTER will shave off Mark Lamarr's famous "50s throwback" quiff on Monday's Big Breakfast. The clippings will be auctioned to raise funds for the World Vision charity ... Fancy having a pop star in your bedroom? A new company is offering Britney Spears, Westlife, Steps and Boyzone WALLPAPER featuring lifesize pictures of the stars.

NOEL Gallagher wept with joy as wife Meg gave birth to their baby daughter yesterday - then had a pint of Guinness with The Sun to celebrate.

Noel was ecstatic at the arrival of 7lb 6oz Anais - named after Meg's favourite author, erotic French writer Anals Nin.

The 33-year-old Oasis star admitted: "Meg didn't cry but I did. I'm still shaking about it all. It's the best thing ever."

Meg, 34, had Anais - the pair's first child - after a labour lasting less than four hours.

Then Noel nipped to the Fitz & Firkin pub over the road from London's Portland Hospital.

He told The Sun: "They're drinking champagne but I can't be doing with it so I've come for a pint."

Noel said the baby was doing "a lot" of screaming - and so was younger brother Liam, who had his own first child five months ago.

He said: "Liam's been on the telephone and he can't stop screaming he's really excited."

Noel was in at the delivery, which was induced because Meg had grown so big.

Noel added: "Meg was very well behaved! It's just like she has been shopping.

"She looks fantastic - she doesn't even look like she's had a baby."

The baby's writer namesake Anais Nin, was as renowned for her raunchy personal life as her explicit stories. The name means "fruitful" in Greek.

With Meg after the birth were her business partner Fran Cutler, her mum Chris and Noel's thrilled mother Peggy.

As Noel accepted a bunch of flowers from Britain's No1 paper he added: "She looks a lot like Meg. She's got blonde hair and blue eyes and a big head.

"Everything is just how we wanted it. We really wanted a girl.

"Even though there will be two women against me, I'm looking forward to it - it might bring out my feminine side and all that."

Anais was conceived at a mansion owned by the family of fashion designer Christian Dior in the South of France.

Noel and Meg stayed there while Oasis recorded new album Standing On the Shoulders Of Giants.

Noel added that he hoped the baby would be home by Saturday night - so he could watch the Mike Tyson-Julius Francis boxing match on TV.

The couple quit London last year to live in a £2.5million mansion in Buckinghamshire.

Meg's best pal and business partner Fran Cutler said: "The baby is beautiful and Meg's really ecstatic."

Last September Meg's sister-in-law Patsy Kensit had son Lennon after a 21-hour labour.
POSH has admitted she became so paranoid at being called anorexic that she went to a doctor to make sure she did not have the slimming disease.

Victoria Beckham told Michael Parkinson in an interview for his BBC1 show tonight: "They said it's something that happens when you have children. My mum lost 3½ stone after she had my brother. It's hereditary."

She also claimed her comments about hubby David Beckham wearing her knickers were just a joke.

Posh, looking sensational in a cream leather dress, insisted: "I'm the only person who actually wears my knickers."
WHILE Kate is canoodling in Thailand, her tramp-like ox Johnny Depp is in London for the opening of his new film Sleepy Hollow.

The Hollywood heart-throb astonished bystanders by wearing a woolly hat advertising his LA club The Viper Room throughout a night of events which began with a screening of the movie at Planet Hollywood's private cinema.

Guests included an odd mix of Duran Duran members and telly stars, including Simon Le Bon, wife Yasmin, Nick Rhodes with new girlfriend Tara Palmer-Tomkinson, and former EastEnder Patsy Palmer.

They went on to posh eaterie Simpson's, where Depp, co-star Miranda Richardson and director Tim Burton appeared.

Highlight was when Le Bon tried to chat up sexy MTV girl Donna Air. He told her. "I'm a big fan of yours. You're the best thing on MTV."

He would have carried on but eagle-eyed Yasmin hauled him away.



OASIS are topping the charts again - after Be Here Now was voted 1999's LEAST wanted album.

Despite shifting 700,000 copies within three days of release, a Melody Maker poll found it was passed on to second-hand shops more often than any other album last year.

The band's B-sides compilation The MasterPlan also appears at No 9.

Here's the full chart.

1 Be Here Now - Oasis

2 K - Kula Shaker

3 Spiders- Space

4 Post Orgasmic Chill - Skunk Anansie

5 Believe - Cher

6 Magic Treehouse - Ooberman

7 Urban Hymns - The Verve

8 Villa Elaine - Remy Zero

9 The MasterPlan - Oasis

1O Rides - Reef
MEET young Helen Flanagan - the new kid on the Street.

Helen is taking over as Rosie Webster in Coronation Street and yesterday posed proudly with screen mum Sally Webster, alias Sally Whitaker.

The talented nine-year-old beat dozens of other youngsters to land the part in the ITV soap.

She will step into the shoes of Emma Collinge, who is quitting as Sally's daughter after landing the role at 10 days old. Emma wants to concentrate on gymnastics. Helen, meanwhile, can't wait to meet her favourite characters from the show - Ashley and Maxine Peacock, alias actors Steve Arnold and Tracy Shaw.

Delighted Helen, of Bolton, Lance, said: "I've always loved Coronation Street and it's great to be part of it. I can't wait to start."

Helen has gone to a theatre workshop since she was five and has already appeared in several ads. A Street spokeswoman said: "She's really excited and will fit in very well. She's already an accomplished actress."CATHERINE Zeta Jones' hopes of marrying at her family church in Wales have been dashed - because it is too small.

The 30-year-old actress dreamed of a fairytale wedding to Hollywood's Michael Douglas at the Clyne Chapel, near her old home in Mumbles. Catherine worshipped there as a child.

But it holds just 100 people and has no parking. A source said: "Catherine's realised it's too small. They both have a lot of friends and family who want to be there. "It would be a nightmare situation if everyone tried to cram into that tiny chapel."

"They are now considering other churches in Swansea near her parents' home. She certainly doesn't want a glitzy Hollywood wedding."

Catherine is also desperate for her elderly grandmother Zeta to come to her wedding and see her walk down the aisle. Zeta, 83, is the Entrapment star's biggest fan - but she was too sick to travel to America to go to Catherine's birthday party last September.

Michael, 55, is still waiting for his divorce from wife Diandra, 41, to be finalised. But he should be free to wed in six months. Diandra got a £44million settlement.

But as The Sun revealed yesterday, Catherine will sign a deal which means she does not get his fortune if they split. Meanwhile, Catherine was celebrating yesterday after finalising a multimillion pound film deal.

The Initial Entertainment Group agreed to put up £400million for her to produce up to 12 films which they will then distribute.

Catherine, who now commands £6million a picture, will star in most of them.HERE'S Pierce Brosnan with the hottest trio of Bond girls ever at last night's UK premiere of The World Is Not Enough.

He linked arms with French babe Sophie Marceau, Denise Richards, who plays a nuclear arms boffin and Maria Grazia Cucinotta - the movie's oddly-named Cigar Girl - at the star-studded event in London's Leicester Square.

Denise, stunning in a floor-length shimmering pink dress and white shawl, braved the cold to spend ten minutes signing autographs for the crowd.

Gorgeous Sophie Marceau wore a print dress slashed to the thigh, while Maria showed off her curves in a black number with plunging neckline. Dark-haired Sophie blew kisses to the rows of fans who shouted: "You're gorgeous."

Earlier, two thousand fans had greeted the 007 star, who arrived with his fiancée Keely Shaye-Smith. Pierce, dressed in a long black jacket and blue waistcoat waved at the cheering crowd and stopped to sign autographs.

Stunning Keely topped her strapless claret silk gown with a dazzling £3.5million necklace borrowed from top jewellers Asprey & Garrard. Other guests included Dame Judi Dench, who plays M, in a white lace sari and her actor husband Michael Williams. 

Full Monty star Robert Carlyle, who plays the evil Renard in the new blockbuster, arrived with wife Anastasia and co-star Robbie Coltrane.

Robert said: "It's easier playing a bad guy than being nice."

Others guests included Vinnie Jones and his wife Tanya, Desmond Llewelyn, who played Q, Goldie, Lee Majors, John Hurt Angus Deayton and heavily-pregnant Emma Thompson. Producer Michael Wilson said Brosnan would definitely sign to star in the next Bond movie. He said: "It should start in the next two to three years and Pierce will be on board."A SOAP set in a GPs surgery will spearhead BBC1's new daytime schedule, it was announced yesterday.

The series - provisionally called The Practice - will follow the lives of doctors and nurses and begins filming in January.

Another new show, called A Family Of My Own, will focus on children in care.

Presented by Sally Magnusson, it will encourage families to adopt.

Both programmes mark a shift from the usual mix of game shows and chat. Jane Lush, BBC's head of daytime TV, said: "BBC Daytime will be a real alternative."

YIPPEE! It looks like Cliff Richard's awful Millennium Prayer is about to be overtaken in the race to be the Christmas No 1.

Bizarre have discovered Westlife's double A-side I Have A Dream/Seasons In The Sun is edging ahead, with sales of 39,000 so far this week, compared with 36,000 for Cliff's dirge.

John Lennon's Imagine is third with sales of 32,000. The Cuban Boys and Steps are close behind.

SIR Paul McCartney sparked Beatlemania all over again last night - by performing at the famous Cavern Club where it all began.

Macca, 57, took the stage with pop pals in Liverpool 38 years after the Fab Four's last gig there.

Millions tried to log on to the Internet to see the gig broadcast live. But most did not get through as lines became jammed.

Twelve thousand flocked to watch it on a giant screen in a Liverpool park.

But just 300 lucky fans were allowed inside the rebuilt venue.

Among them was Franny Shields, 58, who saw Paul at the original Cavern Club with fellow Beatles John, George and Ringo.

She beamed: "The sweat used to rain on you - but it was like perfume. It's wonderful for Paul to come back to do this."

CLEAN-UP campaigner Mary Whitehouse has slammed a saucy joke about Viagra in a kiddies' panto.

The audience is asked to chant "Viagra" to raise the castle gates in Roy Hudd's Jack and the Beanstalk.

But Mrs Whitehouse said the mention of the sex pill was "corrupting" youngsters. She added: "The joke should be dropped."

But producers at the Theatre Royal in Bury St Edmunds, Suffolk, said it always raises a giggle. A spokesman said. "We won't change the script. It's a joke that's meant for the parents and gets lots of laughs. It goes straight over the heads of children."



