NOEL Edmonds, the veteran broadcaster and the man responsible for Mr Blobby and Crinkley Bottom, is quitting the BBC because he says the corporation is no longer capable of "quality" programmes.

After a 30-year career with the corporation, he said he would not renew his contract when it expires next March.

Edmonds, 50, for many years considered the "face" of BBC light entertainment, said the BBC had lost its way. Its culture of quality programme-making had been destroyed and that had left him "heartbroken".

He was due to produce and present a Saturday evening entertainment series on BBC1 to replace Noel's House Party, which was dropped last March, but said this was now unlikely.

"If the BBC said tomorrow that the new show is fantastic, I would have to say, 'I don't think you have got the resources to make it happen'. That is the sadness."

"Name something that is currently on BBC1 that gets people excited and talking about it. You're struggling." He added: "I feel demotivated to a point where I sadly feel it is time to say goodbye."

His announcement came days after the BBC lost Des Lynam. Whereas the presenter's defection to ITV caused consternation throughout the BBC and raised doubts about its ability to retain top talent, the loss of Edmonds has been greeted with equanimity.

BBC insiders said that Edmonds had "jumped before he was pushed" and that he had failed to come up with new ideas. In a statement it said: "Noel has given the BBC a lifetime of great work on radio and TV. In his time he has been a great performer and come up with some fantastic, inventive ideas. It is sad when the veterans move on, but it always makes room for fresh ideas and young talent."

Six years ago, Noel's House Party had been hailed as "the most important show on the BBC" by Alan Yentob, then controller of BBC1, and won a Bafta award for Best Light Entertainment programme. The BBC said the decision to drop it was made because it was time to "move on" and denied that it had been influenced by the slump in ratings, which had fallen from 12 million to just under six million.

The programme's demise after eight years and 169 shows was widely welcomed by the critics. One said it came after "168 shows too many". The Daily Telegraph said the programme was "a stale, depressing, witless, con-trick of a programme [which] represents the very worst of British television".

Despite the joviality of the programme, there were difficulties. Last year, a live show was cancelled at the last minute when Edmonds walked out in protest about production standards and budget constraints.

In an interview earlier this year, Edmonds said the difficulties "mirrored" broader changes in the BBC. "The programme changed a lot as the BBC revamped its image. Cost-cutting began to have effects on all sides and a lot of talent left to start up their own companies," he said.

Edmonds said he would now concentrate on his television production company.



Friends and celebrities gathered yesterday at the unveiling of a Comic Heritage plaque honouring Les Dawson at the Palace Theatre, Manchester.

Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, the guitarist and founder member of Oasis, yesterday announced he had left the band.

Arthurs, 34, is believed to have had an amicable split from his fellow band members, who include Noel and Liam Gallagher.

In a statement he said: "I feel I have come to the stage where I'd like to concentrate on other things in my life."
THE controller of BBC1 television, Peter Salmon, defended his channel yesterday, attacking its commercial competitors for poaching its stars and imitating its programmes.

Mr Salmon admitted that it had been a difficult year with increasing commercial competition. consultation on the BBC licence fee review and criticism from the corporation's governors of the channel's obsession with ratings.

He said a £195 million autumn programme schedule, which includes a new Dawn French and Jennifer Saunders sitcom, a science series about dinosaurs and a trilogy of programmes about war, "will confound the Jeremiahs prophesying the imminent demise of BBC1".

A week after the embarrassment of the defection to ITV of Des Lynam, the sports presenter, Mr Salmon claimed that his channel's new season was "not about poaching stars, it's not about imitating innovative, formats. It's about ambition, quality, commitment and talent".

Docusoaps are overshadowed in the schedule by drama, science and factual programming. Andrew Davies, who adapted Pride and Prejudice, has done the same for Elizabeth Gaskell's Wives and Daughters. French and Saunders star in Let Them Eat Cake, a sitcom set in the court of Louis XVI.

The prehistoric natural history series Walking With Dinosaurs took three years to make using advanced computer animation.

Mr Salmon said a trio of programmes about the British at war had a "personal meaning" for him in remembering members of his own family and others who had been "scarred by war".ELIZABETH Hurley appeared in another revealing Versace dress last night for the world premiere of Mickey Blue Eyes, the new film starring her boyfriend Hugh Grant.

Hurley, who produced the film, arrived at the screening in London in a see-through gold chain-mail dress, adorned with hundreds of tiny mirrors, sequins and diamantes.

The model-turned actress whose most famous appearance was at the opening of Four Weddings And A Funeral, when she wore a Versace creation held-together with safetypins, said it was a rare treat for her to dress up.

She said: "I wear jeans 365 days a year and it's quite nice to get out of them occasionally."	

The new film is a romantic comedy in which Grant plays an art dealer engaged to be married to the daughter of a mobster, played by James Caan. His co-star is Jeanne Tripplehorn.

Grant said last night: "I've always wanted to be in a mob film. I think it is a very funny film."



The Oasis singer, Noel Gallagher, played down the departure of Paul "Bonehead" Arthurs, the guitarist, by saying: "It's hardly Paul McCartney leaving The Beatles."

He confirmed to New Musical Express that Arthurs had quit, but said he left in March to spend more time with his family, not at the weekend as the band's publicist had said.

THE presenter of Top Gear, Brendan Coogan, has lost his job because of a drink-drive conviction.

Coogan, 28, pleaded guilty on Monday to driving with excess alcohol in his blood. He had been stopped by police the morning after a drinking session.

He said yesterday that he hoped his misfortune would highlight the perils of driving the day after drinking.

"I would urge anyone who knows that they have to drive the next day to think very carefully about how much they drink the previous evening. I would consider myself very unlucky. I have lost my dream job because of this mistake."

Coogan was one of the new presenters who joined the BBC2 motoring programme after Jeremy Clarkson left.

The BBC said he had been banned for 12 months and fined £500 by Huddersfield magistrates for being slightly over the limit last month.

A POIGNANT demise for Compo is to be written into scripts for Last Of The Summer Wine after the death of the actor Bill Owen, who played the character for 26 years.

The new series was midway through filming when Owen died, aged 85, earlier this week. The writer Roy Clarke said: "There is no way we can pretend that Compo has just gone away: that would be an insult to the man and his fans."

Before his illness, Owen said that he planned to be laid to rest in Holmfirth, Yorks, where the series is set.



SIX thousand fans squeezed into London's Leicester Square last night to cheer the stars as the Prince of Wales arrived for the royal premiere of the latest Star Wars film, The Phantom Menace.

Natalie Portman, 17, who plays Queen Amidala in the film, said: "It is unbelievable here. We never get this much excitement at a premiere in the States."

Ewan McGregor, who plays a young Obi-Wan Kenobi, the character portrayed by Alec Guinness in the earlier Star Wars films, wore a kilt to the premiere and was accompanied by his wife, Eva. "It was great being a Jedi," he said. "Real Boy's Own stuff." His co-star, Liam Neeson, was unable to attend.

Lucas said: "It's great to be here because the crew and everyone else who worked on the film have also made it, which makes it a really special event for me." Among the celebrities who attended the premiere were Sharleen Spiteri, the lead singer of Texas; Elisabeth Murdoch and her boyfriend, the PR guru Matthew Freud; the actress Anita Pallenberg, and the TV presenter Melanie Sykes.

Tom Parker-Bowles and his sister, Laura, were also present but did not accompany the Prince of Wales.

Star Wars: Episode One, The Phantom Menace has become the most hyped film in movie history and has taken £240 million in eight weeks in America. It is expected to he the first film to make more than $1 billion at the box office.

But some critics have been unenthusiastic about the film, which has taken Lucas four years to make at a cost of $80 million. They complained that, while the special effects are stunning, they tend to overshadow the human performers.
Six stamps honouring the Bee Gees, the pop group, are to be issued in the Isle of Man where they were born and where their mother once ran a Post Office.

I've Gotta Get A Message To You is one of their hits to be commemorated on the set to be issued on Oct 12. Due to rules surrounding the royal approval of stamps, the Bee Gees' faces do not appear on the issue. Designs show a CD, a map of the Isle of Man and the song title. The stamps were being released to mark the 50th birthdays of twins Robin and Maurice Gibbs.
THE Oasis songwriter Noel Gallagher celebrated the birth of his first child yesterday with a trip to the pub and a pint of Guinness. The rock star said he was "overjoyed" after his wife Meg Mathews, 33, gave birth to a 7lb 2oz girl, named Anais after the French erotic writer Anaïs Nin, two weeks earlier than expected. Admitting that he had burst into tears after the birth at the private Portland Hospital in central London, he said: 'It went so well. Meg looked great, she did not look like she had just given birth. She looked like she had just been shopping. I'm still shaking."

He added: "A girl was what I was hoping for because I haven't got any sisters."

"Anaïs is doing very, very well. She's doing a lot of screaming and shouting at the moment. I feel really great, overjoyed.

"My mum's really pleased because she's got three boys. This is the only girl in the family apart from her." Gallagher, 32, who is about to start a nine-month tour with the band, said his wife hoped she would be able to leave hospital in time for them both to attend the Mike Tyson v Julius Francis fight in Manchester tomorrow.

Despite reports that Gallagher was not looking forward to witnessing the birth of his child, he said that after yesterday's "smooth and calm" experience the couple planned to have at least two more children. Gallagher headed for a pub opposite the hospital less than two hours after his daughter's birth. Asked why he had declined a celebratory glass of champagne with his family, he said: "I don't like champagne. I would much rather have a pint of Guinness. I thought it was a great oversight of the hospital not to serve Guinness."

The songwriter becomes a father almost five months after his brother, Liam, the band's lead singer, had a son, Lennon, with his wife Patsy Kensit.

After joking that he knew nothing about the latest addition to the Gallagher family, Liam said he was looking forward to celebrating with the couple. "I think it is amazing," he said at his home in Primrose Hill, north London. "It is for them to celebrate first. I will be going to see the baby in a couple of days." Mathews's father, Stan, said he was "over the moon" following the birth of his first grandchild.

"I've driven all the way from Norfolk to be here today," he said. "I heard about it as soon as the baby was born."
THE Nobel Prize-winning poet Seamus Heaney completed a double over Harry Potter yesterday when his translation of Beowulf was awarded the South Bank Show Literature Prize.

JK Rowling's Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban had also been shortlisted for the prize, presented by LWT. Miss Rowling, whose three Harry Potter books have sold 30 million copies worldwide, was narrowly defeated by Heaney for the £23,000 Whitbread Book of the Year Award on Monday after a row between the judges.

Miss Rowling missed both ceremonies because of flu. Mr Heaney said: "It's an added pleasure for me to receive this award for a work which is dedicated to the memory of Ted Hughes."

Attending the ceremony at the Savoy Hotel were Julian Lloyd Webber, 48, the cellist, and his new girlfriend, Roz Hamandishe, 27, who once appeared on Cilla Black's television show Blind Date.

Lloyd Webber said: "We started out as friends, but for the past two or three months we've been seeing increasingly more of each other."

A NINE-YEAR-OLD girl won the role yesterday of Coronation Street's Rosie Webster.

Helen Flanagan, of Bolton, Greater Manchester, who will take over from Emma Collinge on Jan 23, said: "I'm thrilled to be working with such kind people."

Emma has played Sally and Kevin Webster's eldest daughter since she was 10 days old. She has resigned to spend more time on gymnastics.

She made her farewell appearance on New Year's Eve. Helen, who has attended the Carol Godby Theatre Workshop in Bury, Greater Manchester, since she was five, has also appeared in several television commercials.

SIR Paul McCartney returned last night to the Cavern Club in Liverpool, the subterranean venue in Mathew Street that launched the Beatles to fame in the early Sixties.

McCartney was back in his home town for a one-off show in front of crowd of 300, minuscule by his standards, who had won their tickets in a ballot after he revealed his plans for the event in an appearance on Parkinson.

In the 36 years since The Beatles last played at The Cavern, McCartney seems to have lost none of his energy or his enthusiasm for music.

Backed by a phenomenally Cohesive all-star four-piece band, including Pink Floyd guitarist Dave Gilmour and Ian Paice of Deep Purple on drums, McCartney sang his socks off, raised those legendary eyebrows almost to the roof, and gave every indication that he was having a fabulous time.

McCartney is rediscovering his musical roots. His recent album, Run Devil Run, contains three new McCartney tunes but is mostly a celebration of the music that helped to shape the early Beatles sound: Elvis Presley, Gene Vincent, Chuck Berry, Fats Domino. It was music from this collection that provided the bulk of the show's material.

Kicking off with Honey Hush and Blue Jean Bop, he then said: "Welcome to The Cavern. It's been a long time but it's great to be back".

In fact, as McCartney later pointed out, The Cavern of today is an Eighties-built reconstruction close to the site of the original which was "over there - buried under a load of rubble".

The music, though, was the real thing. Chuck Berry's Brown Eyed Handsome Man was given a brisk Cajun treatment and Fats Domino's Shake A Hand showed that McCartney's voice had lost little of its range and featured an exquisite guitar solo by Gilmour, here showing an unexpected talent for R & B.

All Shook Up had the band and the crowd beaming with pleasure. This was fun.

The show was not, as some in the crowd - or those who logged on to the Internet - might have been expecting, a sing-along orgy of Beatles favourites. The only song from the Fab Four's hit-list was I Saw Her Standing There ("Woo!" sang the crowd). Nor was it exactly an epic performance. After 13 songs and about 45 minutes, including a hiatus during which everyone waited for the various video and audio crews to get their tapes lined up, it was all over. We were just getting warmed up.

But still: Paul McCartney at The Cavern? For those lucky ballot-winners, and even for jaded pop reviewers, it was a dream ticket.



AN AUDIENCE of one daughter, 300 invited guests and three million Internet users saw Sir Paul return to The Cavern. Another 47 million unsuccessful attempts were made to access the concert on the web.

The fashion designer Stella McCartney watched as her father and his band played 13 songs, including I Saw Her Standing There, a Beatles number he first performed at the club in the early Sixties.

Geoff Baker, Sir Paul's publicist, said he thought the performance via the Internet site had been "the biggest webcast ever".

Sir Paul's set was made up mainly of the rock 'n' roll standards of his recent album Run Devil Run, including the Ricky Nelson song Lonesome Town, of which both he and his late wife Linda were huge fans in their teens.

"This is dedicated to loved ones past, present and future," he said as he introduced it. After the show Sir Paul said: "I'm elated. I can't think of a better place to be. I always knew it would be a special night. We wanted to rock out the century - we did it, we rocked Liverpool and the world bopped too."



