NOEL EDMONDS, the television presenter, is quitting the BBC because he finds the programmes "too boring".

Edmonds, once one of the corporation's highest-paid presenters, was sad to be ""throwing in the towel" after 3O years, but did not rule out a comeback if the right offer came along. Paul Pascoe, a spokesman for Edmonds, said: "He is only 50, he has a lot of life in him yet."

The departure of Edmonds - he earned an estimated £5 million in a four-year contract to host Noel's House Party, Telly Addicts and Telly Years - comes less than a week after the defection of the sports presenter, Des Lynam, to ITV.A blue plaque in honour of the late Les Dawson was unveiled by his friend and comedy partner Roy Barraclough yesterday at Manchester's Palace Theatre. It is funded by the charity group Comic Heritage.

FEARS for the future of Oasis were raised last night after guitarist Paul Arthurs, who acted as "peacemaker" between the volatile Gallagher brothers, quit the hugely successful rock band.

A spokesman for the group said that Oasis would continue and that the band members had "matured" sufficiently for them to carry on without Arthurs, known as "Bonehead".

Fans learned of the split, which both sides insist was amicable, after Arthurs, 34, posted a letter announcing his departure on the group's website.

The musician, who was a founding member of the group, said: "After a lot of consideration I have decided to call it a day with Oasis. I've had a fantastic eight years in one of the best bands ever to come out of Britain, and now feel I have come to the stage where I'd like to concentrate on other things in my life, outside of the demands of being in a successful rock and roll band."

A spokesman for the group said there were no plans to replace Arthurs, who had completed his parts for the group's fourth album. The guitarist is eight years older than singer Liam Gallagher and often brought a calming influence to bear on the excesses and arguments that threatened to split the band.

The spokesman said: "Bonehead was often the peacemaker in the early days. It will be different but Oasis will definitely continue. The Gallaghers have settled down and they have matured a lot over the years. There are fewer of those kind of incidents and they have become as harmonious as any band ever gets."

Speculation had surrounded Arthurs's role in Oasis since he returned to England early from recording sessions in France earlier this year. The guitarist promised to attend future Oasis shows and wished the group well.

Arthurs was a founder member of the band, which was formed as Rain in Manchester in 1991. The original trio, Arthurs, drummer Tony McCarroll and bass player Paul "Guigsy" McGuigan, achieved huge success after the Gallagher brothers, Noel and Liam, joined.

Arthurs never made any great claims for his musical contribution to the Oasis phenomenon. He was a rhythm guitarist, who generally strummed chords while songwriter Noel Gallagher played the more elaborate parts. A popular music industry joke was that Arthurs would one day attempt a solo album. After one show in Los Angeles, a fan accosted Arthurs and complained: "All you played was A, C, D or G." He replied: 'That might well be all I played, but I'm the one playing it, I'm the one in the band, and you paid to see me do it.'

He is the second member of the group to leave. Tony McCarroll was sacked by Noel Gallagher in 1995. He received £550,000 for his contribution in an out-of-court settlement earlier this year. Band sources indicated that there would be no financial disputes between Arthurs and the band.

Arthurs said in his statement: "I've made some great friends along the way and wish everyone in the band every success with the next album, and intend to enjoy watching the band go on to further success in the coming years. See you at the next show."
	
Oasis are due to release their fourth album next spring. It will be followed by a nine-month world tour, a commitment that the guitarist felt unable to give.

DAWN FRENCH and Jennifer Saunders are to star in a new sitcom together. Let Them Eat Cake, summarised as "murder, scandal and lots of rumpo involving mad aristocrats in the court of Louis XVI", is part of a £195 million autumn schedule which the BBC boasted yesterday is one of its richest ever.

Peter Salmon, Controller of BBC1, said that the programming represented "something the commercial sector can't or won't produce - it's not about poaching stars. It's not about imitating innovative formats. It's about ambition, quality, commitment and talent."

"It is really true that only the BBC has the dedication to give that most difficult of genres [comedyl a patient and pressure-free environment in which to flourish."

Saunders will play Colombine, Comtesse De Vache, and French her maid Lisette. With the revolution brewing and starving peasants at the palace gates, the BBC says that the comedy plot "concentrates on the important things in life - like who has a bigger wig than that slut, Marie Antoinette".

Victoria Wood is returning to television with a second series of dinnerladies, and the second series of the Caroline Aherne comedy, The Royle Family, is being promoted from BBC2 to BBC1. Laurence Marks and Maurice Gran,

writers of Birds of a Feather, are back on the BBC with a new comedy series, Starting Out, which tells the story of two people in their twenties "setting out on the bumpy road to love".

The centrepieces of the autumn schedule are two dramas and a factual series on the human element of war. All The King's Men, which stars David Jason and Dame Maggie Smith, explores the legend surrounding the fate of the Sandringham Company which disappeared in action in Gallipoli. The producers were given permission to film in the grounds of Sandringham.

Finest Hour is a documentary looking at the momentous months that encompassed the rise of Churchill, Dunkirk and the Battle of Britain. Warriors is a hard-hitting drama inspired by the experiences of British soldiers involved in peacekeeping operations in Bosnia in the early 1990s.

The most spectacular programme will almost certainly be Walking With Dinosaurs, which uses computer images and the expertise of 100 palaeontologists to create "the closest we will ever get to a window on a lost world".



HARRY ENFIELD has become the latest star to leave the BBC. The comedian has signed a £1m deal with BSkyB.

His BBC series, Harry Enfield and Chums, had been a regular ratings winner. His new series, The People's Harry Enfield, will be screened on Sky Premier.

Enfield, 38 and married with two children, made his name on the stand-up circuit with characters such as Loadsamoney. He became a hit on Channel 4's Friday Night Live before the BBC poached him in 1990. His new series will be produced by Tiger Aspect, the company which made Rowan Atkinson's film Bean and is also producing Enfield's first feature film, Kevin and Perry, The Movie, which also stars Kathy Burke.

The move comes only days after the sports presenter Des Lynam announced his £5 million defection to ITV. In recent years, other defections have ranged from Bruce Forsyth to Clive James. The EastEnders actor Ross Kemp, switched for a package worth £1.2 million.
ALFRED HITCHCOCK would not have tolerated the massive fees now paid to film stars, his daughter said yesterday. Nor would he have comprehended how directors could justify the huge budgets of today.

Patricia Hitchcock O'Connell, 71, was in London to unveil an English Heritage blue plaque to her father at the flat in Earls Court at 153 Cromwell Road that was her parents' home for 13 years from 1926. That the occasion fell on Friday the 13th could not have been more appropriate for the master of suspense. Hitchcock, born 100 years ago yesterday, began his career in advertising. In 1920 he entered the film industry, designing subtitles, but was soon making classics such as Psycho, Dial M for Murder and Rear Window. He moved to America and Hollywood fame in 1939, and died in 1980. Mrs O'Connell, who trained at RADA. featured in three of his films - Strangers on a Train, Stage Fright and Psycho. She never tires of watching her father's films. "He made movies for the audiences. not critics or himself, and audiences basically don't change . . . They love the suspense."

Yesterday she was also at Christie's South Kensington for a preview of more than 100 Hitchcock film posters to be auctioned on September 13.



Brendan Coogan, a Top Gear presenter, has lost his job because of a drink-drive conviction at Huddersfield on Monday. He was banned for a year and fined £500. Coogan, 28, was stopped by police the morning after a drinking session.

Andrew Morton, the bestselling chronicler of the story of Diana, the Princess of Wales, who is writing Posh & Becks: A Marriage, is threatened with an injunction by Victoria Beckham. The Spice Girl and her footballer husband are demanding that the book be abandoned.

Six stamps honouring the Bee Gees are to be issued by the island of their birth - the Isle of Man, where their mother ran a post office. I've Gotta Get a Message to You is aptly one of their hits to be commemorated on the stamps to be issued on October 12. Because of the rules of royal approval of stamps, none of the Bee Gees' faces actually appears on the issue. Instead designs show a CD, a map of the island and one of several song titles.

NOEL GALLAGHER became a father yesterday after his wife, Meg Mathews, gave birth to a girl. The child, named Anaïs after Anaïs Nin, the French author, was born two weeks early after an induced labour at London's Portland Hospital. The Oasis star admitted that he had burst into tears at the emergence of his daughter, who weighed 7lb 2oz.

However, Gallagher, 32, quickly regained his composure and retired to a nearby pub, where he toasted the birth with a pint of Guinness.

Ms Matthews, 33, drank champagne with her family in hospital. She remained in hospital overnight, but Gallagher hoped that she would be able to accompany him to Mike Tyson's fight in Manchester tomorrow. He said: "I'm really proud of Meg. She looks fantastic - like she has just been shopping. A baby girl is what I was hoping for, as I have never had a sister."

Anaïs, who was conceived at Christian Dior's house in Montreux, was said to share her mother's blonde hair and blue eyes. She will soon share a playpen with Lennon, the five-month-old son of Liam Gallagher and Patsy Kensit, who was named after the Beatle. Gallagher, who had threatened to call the baby "Fanny", deferred to his wife, whose favourite author is apparently Nin. A leading figure in the "new feminism" of the 1970s, Nin published a series of avantgarde erotic novels, including A Spy in the House of Love. She died in 1977, and is best known for the erotic diaries of her affair with the author Henry Miller.

The songwriter had expressed reluctance to attend the birth, fearing that it would be "Exorcist material". Afterwards, he said: "I'm still shaking. I thought there was going to be lots of screaming and shouting all the way through, but there wasn't."
WHILE much of the world's press worried yesterday about whether Catherine Zeta-Jones would sign a pre-nuptial agreement to stop her getting her hands on Michael Douglas's fortune, the Welsh actress was quietly making herself and her family richer without recourse to her fiancé's wealth.

On the same day that her engagement was announced, a new production company called Zeta Films was formed in Beverly Hills and was signing a film financing deal worth more than £60 million.

Zeta Films, which is owned by the 29-year-old actress and other members of her family, signed an exclusive two-year deal with the Initial Entertainment Group.

Under the deal, Initial will finance and co-produce between two and six Zeta Films-produced movies annually with budgets ranging from £3 million to £30 million. Ms Zeta-Jones's brother, Lyndon Jones, will acquire and develop scripts and ideas for the company, while her other brother, David Jones, is a vice-president in charge of creative affairs at Initial.

Initial is the company behind the latest Robert Altman film Dr T. and the Women and made Gangs of New York which stars Leonardo DiCaprio and was directed by Martin Scorsese.007 WAS back in action last night for the British premiere of The World Is Not Enough at Leicester Square, London.

Pierce Brosnan, who stars as James Bond for the third time, arrived with his girlfriend Keeley Shaye Smith, who dazzled with £3.5 million in diamonds. Brosnan, 47, said: "The story's very good, and hopefully I played the part in a convincing manner." 

Other stars at the Odeon cinema included Robert Carlyle and Dame Judi Dench, who plays M in the film, and her husband, the actor Michael Williams, who was diagnosed with lung cancer last summer.

The film looks set to be the most successful Bond film, out-earning Goldeneye to take £23.25 million in its opening weekend in the US. It opens at Leicester Square tomorrow and across the UK on Friday.RARELY can such a carefully stage-managed act of historical opportunism have struck such a genuinely powerful chord. Although a venue that could be described as the cradle of British rock and roll, the Cavern has nevertheless changed a lot since the Beatles played their last show there in August 1963 for a fee of £300.

So has Paul McCartney. Now 59, and with his hair restored to an implausibly rich chestnut sheen, it was a lean, purposeful-looking performer who appeared on stage surrounded by a band to match: guitarists Nick Green who played the Cavern many times with the late Johnny Kidd's group the Pirates, and David Gilmour of Pink floyd, drummer Ian Paice (formerly of Deep Purple) and keyboard player Pete Wingfield. But both the artist and venue retained enough of their former magic to turn this gig into a spiritual homecoming.

Despite the hoopla surrounding the occasion, the object of the exercise was for McCartney to get back to basics. Accordingly there were no fussy introductions as the musicians strode on to the stage and launched into Johnny Burnett's Honey Hush.

Having staked out the territory, McCartney then eased off with the soft shoe shuffle of Gene Vincent's Blue Jean Bop, followed by a relaxed version of Chuck Berry's Brown Eyed Handsome Man. As part of a strategy for recapturing the edgy excitement of old, the band had taken great pains not to over-rehearse. It was not surprising that the playing was a little ragged at times.

There was one false start and something of a collapse towards the end of a new McCartney composition, Try Not To Cry, but the old stager laughed it off and simply got the band to play the offending passage again. Some of the vocal harmonies were also patchy, but the guitarists played brilliantly.

Between songs McCartney revealed that it was his knowledge of the lyrics to Chuck Berry's 20 Flight Rock that impressed John Lennon enough to let him join the Beatles.

There was just the one Beatles song. Near the end, I Saw Her Standing There, with McCartney shaking his heads on the high notes as if 40 years had never passed. As everyone was aware, those years have gone, and there was a poignant undercurrent. It was an uplifting codicil to a uniquely powerful part of pop mythology.SO LONG, Charlie Brown. After almost half a century drawing his Peanuts comic strip, Charles Schulz announced last night that he is to retire in order to concentrate on his battle against cancer.

"Although I feel better after my recent surgery, I want to focus on my health and my family without the worry of a daily deadline," Schulz, 77, said in an open letter. The cartoonist had colon cancer diagnosed last month. He had hospital treatment and returned to the drawing-board, but apparently found the constant effort of a daily strip syndicated in 2,600 newspapers too gruelling. "I have always wanted to be a cartoonist, and ... that all of you have embraced Snoopy, Charlie Brown, Lucy and Linus and all the other Peanuts characters has been a constant motivation for me," he said. his wife, Jean, added: "I think we have to say that he's sad about it."

The final strip will run on January 4. It made its debut on October 2, 1950, and is now seen in 75 countries and is worth $1 billion a year. Schulz himself long since stopped working for the money and had a reputation as a workaholic in Sonoma, California. where he made his home.

The cast of characters invented by Schulz - who had a clause in his contract dictating that the strip could not be continued after his death - should by rights be middle-aged by now. But the gang of children - and a certain dog - still give a child's eye view of the world laced with wry humour. The long-suffering Charlie Brown still faces misfortune with a mild "Good grief!" The sharp-tongued Lucy hands out advice at a nickel a time, and Snoopy, Charlie Brown's inimitable beagle, takes the occasional flight of fancy back to his rivalry with the Red Baron.

Peanuts brought Schulz international fame. He won the Reuben Award, comic art's highest honour, in 1955 and 1964. In 1978, he was named International Cartoonist of the Year.